Bally

 

February 8, 2019
I'll be tired

Wrote suspicions against Mr. Benjamin Netanyahu

For many years you have held senior positions in the public service. In 1996-1999,
And since 200% you have served and continues to serve as Prime Minister of Israel. Over the years you served as a minister
I have many offices. Among other things, the city dates from November 2014 until May 2017 as kosher
Media. The foregoing shall have been processed in the public sense as defined in section 34 (1) of the Law

(Hereinafter: the Penal Code). In 1999-2002 you did not serve in the position
public.

Below are details of suspected violations committed by you in three cases during the periods in which you were involved
public servant.

Portfolio 1000 - Description of the main certificates

2

3

As mentioned above, for many years you have held senior public service positions.

Arnon Milczyn ("Milchani") is an Israeli citizen and a businessman who holds business
In various fields, in Israel and in Hebron. Miltsin lives permanently in the United States and is expected to arrive
To Israel for visits from Moshikis.

Since 1999, you have maintained contacts with various connections that have put you in a conflict of interest
Sharp and persistent. From October 2011 until December 2016 (hereinafter: "the Period")
Which is relevant to my suspicions), along with the personal relationship that existed at Benykes, you received favors
Pleasure is different, to respond to your request, which is mainly the continuous and financial supply of goods
Obviously. During the relevant period, the benefits you received were given to you for your public duties and your status
As Prime Minister of Israel.

James Packer (hereinafter: Yepakray) is an Australian businessman. In 2013 leased to you the Milchyn
Packer. In the years 2016-2014 Packer gave you benefits on a continuous and substantial scale. Good
You were given pleasure in your public duties and your status as Prime Minister of Israel.

During the relevant period, in the course of fulfilling your public duties, you acted in favor of Milczyn,
While you are in sharp contrast to your personal commitment to Milesin and your commitment
To the public, in three cases: You worked with government officials in the United States to give them to Milcin
Visa, in both cases; You contacted the Minister of Finance at the time, Yair Lapid, in order to extend his term
The exemption from taxation and the payment of income tax from which Milczyn was deducted; You have done it yourself and you have laid down Menchiel

The Ministry of Communications, Shlomo Filber (hereinafter: Yipilbari), to assist Milcin in matters of regulation For a merger transaction between the banking corporations and the banking corporations (hereinafter: "the banking corporations"),
In order for an investment, which Milstein studied at the time, to be worthwhile for him economically.

The following is a list of the suspicions in your case as evidenced by the evidence:

A. Your relationship with Milzacz

7 As noted, Miltz is an Israeli citizen and a businessman who holds business in various sectors in Israel
And in the camp. Among other things, in the years 2004-2008, Milzin held shares in the "traffic devices" company
Which was incorporated in Israel and in the years 2015-2005, Milzitz distributes shares in the Israeli media

(Hereinafter: "Yoter 10Y"). Mercy is a film production in the United States,
Where he lived permanently.

8 In 1996, or close to that, you first met Milczyn, during the period you served as head of the Jewish Agency
Government of Israel.

9 In 1999, or close to that, a well-established water system began to form between you and Milstein
And different scales:

A Blach and Milczyn existed in a coarse system of societal relations which were all-time meetings
Including family businesses, and telephone communications.

In Throughout the years, and throughout the relevant period to this suspicion, Meltz has been correct
And to your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, favors, mainly cigar boxes and marinos
Bottles of champagne in a cumulative amount of hundreds of thousands of shekels, continuously, in large numbers
Of cases, to be drafted according to the requirement, and in different ways, as detailed below.

third. Milatzan also served as a trustworthy person who performed sensitive mediation tasks in your field
The political. Thus, for example, in the course of the year, Milczyn worked to mediate between you and the party party
The Zionist at the time, Yitzhak Herzog, and even put his house at his disposal for this purpose.

D. | Milzac also served for you a man of trust who carried out on your mission mediation missions sensitive to the subject
The media. For example, in 2009 Militzz worked on your mission with Arnon Mozes,
Control of the Yedioth Ahronoth group, and the owner of the newspaper Israel Hayousi Sheldon
Adelson (hereinafter: 'Adelsoni'), in order to block the agreement that Adleton would restrict my distribution
From the weekend edition of Israel Hayusi, while Moses will refrain from publishing
Negative for you. ,

In addition, over the years, and on the dates that are not specifically known, Milstein turned to you
Lemus asked him to refrain from specific publications on your behalf or your family.

H. | As part of the rapprochement between you and Milzhen, you accept his request and carry Deborah in 2014 at his home
In the United States, to an audience regarding the attribution of its attribution, and also acceded to his request to join
To the Prime Minister's entourage and to sit with her when she held a political meeting in the US Congress
In 2015. 10

In view of all your attachments to Milesin, you were in deep personal affection for him
You were not allowed to deal with matters that concern him in the course of fulfilling your duties.

B. Your relationship with Pucker

.1

2

3

As mentioned above, in mid-2013 Milczyn conducted a tunnel between you and Pucker.

From that time, set up a personal bond between you and Pucker in which you will find Pucker's admiration for you as head
Government of Israel.

During the years of your acquaintance, in the years of 2016-2014, Packer gave you and your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, favors

Pleasure in the scope is evident continuously, in a large number of Makrit, and in Opnis different, as
Which will be detailed below.

third. Receiving favors from Milchan and Pucker

14

5

6

C.1. Receiving benefits from Milchan - cigars, champagne and jewelry

In 2003, shortly after you returned to public office, Milzin began giving you favors,
Mainly cigar boxes for your use and bottles of champagnes for your wife's use. At first, you get it
The benefits of social gatherings, Oles over the years modes of acceptance have changed
And they began to receive the benefits in the shipments through the employees of Milzitz, among others
During the milchanic times Milchin did not swim in Israel at all.

As a rule, shipments of champagne were passed on to your wife's demands, and you were aware that you were being accepted
Champagne for large volumes. Also, sometimes the cigar regimens were transferred
To your request. The demands were directed to Milesin or his personal assistant, Hadas Klein (to Helen:
And included a roughness to kind and good quality.

During the relevant period you received the benefits from Milczyn in three ways:
A. During Milchan's visits to your home.
In During your visits to the home of a mullet.

third. = In Mishalot by means of the workers of Meltz. The shipment was sent to you or to anyone on your behalf at the residence
The Prime Minister in Jerusalem or to the employees at the Prime Minister's Office at various meeting points.

Every time and every way you received, you received a box or boxes from Milzin
Cigars, and not a single cigar. Each box contained 25-10 cigars, and the value of each box ranged from
0 to 3,000.

Similarly, as a rule, at each time and in each of the admission methods, a package of six is ​​given
Bottles of champagne, and to pack two such cases, not a single bottle. The cost of each bottle
Champagne ranges from 250 to 350 Sheik, and the cost of each bottle of bottle is between 1,500 and
Sheikh. 7

8

9

.0

.1

2

3

The benefits were given to you continuously and frequently throughout the relevant period to the extent possible
To say that they were "a supply of cigars and champagne.

In addition to the above, in 2016 your wife received one opportunity jewelry from the plumber, in response
Her demand, and your involvement.

In the period relevant to this estimate, the value and scope of benefits you have received, you and your wife,
From Mlitz, were in substantial amounts, and the total number of Shwein reached 477,973 Sheikhs. You are fully conscious
The size of the cigaris and the receipt of jewelry, as well as the acceptance of champagne in a large and systematic manner.
The benefits were given to you according to the following link:

Tigers - 267,254 Sheikh.

Champagne - 199,819 Sheikh.
Jewelry - 10,900 Sheik.
Tach Abel - NIS 477,973.

Details of the extent of the good you received from Milken by year is attached in the table marked
As a Yedioth reporter for this reporter of suspicions.

You received these benefits from Milcin Vicka to your public duties and to your position as head
Government.

C. Receiving benefits from Pucker

In Snit 2016-2014, you and your wife, Facker, received favors that included cigar boxes
And a pack of champagne bottles. These benefits were joined by the same kind of hate
Which you received from Milczyn, in those very miracles.

The benefits you got from Parker in four ways:

As part of social gatherings at Pacer's home in Caesarea or at the Prime Minister's Residence
In Jerusalem.

In By means of an undertaking by Packer's employees to the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem.
third. = Through the transfer of benefits between the betis who entered Caesarea.

D. | By taking the benefits independently from Pucker's house, by you and by my son
Your family when you used Pucker's house and facilities, in Pucker's absence.

As a rule, in the ways specified in sections 23 (b) and 23 (d) above, the champagne was transferred to the requirements of your wife,
And you were aware that she was receiving significant amounts of champagne. Also, to Lateis
The cigars were delivered to your request. Some of the benefits were given to you and your wife even when Packer included
He did not swim in Israel. As a rule, your demands and your wife's demands were directed to Klein, who was a co-worker
Packer 's personal. 4

5

6

The funerals were given to you continuously and frequently throughout the period relevant to the suspicion, and up to this point
So they can be said to have been testing the supply of cigars and champagnes.

The good value you received, you and your wife, from Pucker is a very significant animal, and he joined
For the benefits of the same tag you received from Milchan during those years. As stated, total good value
The pleasure that you and your wife received from Packer during the relevant period of time has reached
Sheikh. You were aware of the full extent of the cigaris you received, as crude for getting champagnes
In a considerable and systematic manner. The benefits were given to you according to the following division:

Tigers - 145,577 Sheikh.
Champagne - 83,597 Sheikh.
Total - NIS 229,174.

The details of the benefits that you received from Packer according to the distribution according to years are attached in the table marked as additional
'Let's write this suspicion.

The benefits were given to you by Pucker in connection with your position and your position as Prime Minister of Israel.

D. Governmental actions that you were asked to carry out in the course of a conflict of interest with Meltzec before the period

Relevant to this suspicion

7

Despite the aforesaid links between you and Milzhen, you dealt with your public duties in his affairs
Personal and business interests of Milzhen. The period relevant to this suspicion, as of 2009,
Milzac contacted you on various matters concerning his economic or personal interests
Who will act within your public duties to promote. In some cases, you accept his requests. All the
As described below:

Channel 10 - Along the way, we will not refrain from dealing with Channel 10 issues
That you knew that Milstein was holding his shares. For example, in 2009 Milchon,
As prime minister, regarding the possibility of law enforcement that will limit the amount of commissions collected
Press offices from the media. The power of such a law was to improve the economy
In a significant way with Arutz.10 In the conversation, she promised Milstein that she would do so.

B. | "Mises Tatai - In 2010 Milchan turned to you with a request that she act to help Kades Meuse
In cooperation with the Indian businessman Rattan Tata (hereinafter: "Yitatai"), which includes establishing an area
Trade in cooperation between Israel, Jordan and the Palestinian Authority, in which a factory will be established
For the manufacture of low-cost vehicles and a school for the automotive professions. The establishment of the plant was required
Extensive legislative amendments. Milcin had a significant economic interest in promoting the Meuse. You have responded to requests from Milzac and, as part of your job,
Yourself and through civil servants who are subordinate to you. In the framework of the hook you met the economic representative of
Milchan, R. Gav-Feldman, who introduced the Meios; You met Tata, Milstein and Feldman,
At a joint meeting, and immediately summoned the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories
At the time, Major General Eitan Dangot, in order to examine the possibility of advancing the plan, did you act against a party?
Security in order to allow a flight of Tata and Milatz to Jordan for a meeting with the King of Jordan
\ You have also been working to have meetings in the Prime Minister's Office headed by the ministry's director
For the purpose of determining the establishment of the merger.

At the end of the year, Moses was not Quds, apparently due to changes that took place in Arab countries in the year
1.

God. Governmental actions that you performed when you were in a conflict of interest with Miltzin during the relevant period

This suspicion

8. In the period relevant to this case, Milchyn referred to you in matters related to Intersecs
Economic or social affairs, and you acted in your role to promote them:

A.

Visa to the United States - in Bashan 2014-2013 you will be contacted a lot of times,
As part of your job, in order to tell him in front of Gormis in the American administration about a problem
Regarding the extension of his visa to the United States. At first Miltzin turned to you, immediately with
His departure from the United States Embassy in Israel, to whom he was informed that a comment had been made in his case
In the computer system that prevents visa extension. You accepted his request and acted with interest
As part of your job, there is an immediate conversation with the US ambassador
In Israel Dan Shapiro, to help Milchan. Shortly thereafter, the validity of the visa was extended
To the United States, but only for a year
Was extended to a prolonged period.

In the wake of this, and even though at this time the Viva had already been extended, Miltzan turned to you again
In order to assist him, within the framework of your position, with American officials to receive a visa
For a longer period. Militzin and Klein turned on this matter a great deal of rudeness to the workers
In the Prime Minister's Office, so that they can convey a message to you.

On one of the occasions when Milstein asked him to act to advise him on the matter of the Viva
Come to the prime minister's residence and wait for you there. When you came together with your bureau chief
At that time, Harry Harrow, Milzen told you that he had brought a box of cigars for you and a pack of bottles
And asked that you contact Secretary of State, John Kerry, about a problem
His visa.

You accept Milzac's request and discuss the subject of the American Secretary of State
Time, ie, both in the meeting and in a telephone conversation. In the course of 2014, and following Milatz's appeals to you, and your appeals to Kerry,
Milchan was extended for a long period of ten years.

In Extension of exemption from payment of income tax - In 2013, Milstein contacted you with a request that you act
Cadus has enacted regulations that will enable the extension of the exemption granted to residents to be renewed from reporting
And controls income from assets and assets outside of Israel (hereinafter: "the exemptions")
Has enjoyed the status of returning resident since 2009, and according to the law was entitled to benefit
Of the exemption for ten years. Miltzan, who would extend the exemption for another ten years, turned
On the subject of Yachad Ad-Dinu, Attorney Pinhas Rubin, to the then Minister of Finance, Yair Lapid, please
Who will enact regulations that will allow for the extension of the exemption. Lapid expressed reservations about the request.

Nearby, Milchin turned to you on the subject, in your capacity, and asked for your intervention
On the subject in order to facilitate his application. Then you turn to the torch and place a subject in the frame
Two professional meetings you held with him as Prime Minister. In these meetings you are
Expressed support for extending the exemption, while Lapid said he did not believe that action should be taken
To extend it.

third. = Merger of communications companies Network and Arch - in 2015 Milzhenic contacted you, when you served as head
The government and the media minister, with the demand that he inform him of regulatory matters in order to defraud a deal
A merger between the banking and communications companies. Milczyn, who examined the possibility to purchase
Shares of Reshet will be distributed in the merger in order for the transaction to be worthwhile. You agree
At Milstein's request immediately, you summoned the Ministry of the Interior late at night
The media at the time, Philbert, and instructed him to help Milzitz, and later you worked for Kidus
employment. And you, because you believe that your man of faith has been in a position of influence in his womb
This central communication will benefit you.

In accordance with your instruction, Filber held a series of meetings with Militzin, Feldman and Gormit
Others concerned about it. Filbert made it clear in the course of these meetings, in your mind, that an office
The media will not be a sinner for carrying out the classification. Throughout the period you are requested and received
Schottfis reports from Philber on this subject, and you gave the blessing for the progress of the fusion.

In addition, there is a meeting with Asil Milstein, Feldman and Philber. At a meeting held at his home
Milchan, in social circumstances, discussed the relevant business and regulatory aspects,
Inter alia, to a merger deal, and in this case the question of how and how you can help Kidus
employment.

In the end, the deal did not ripen due to a lack of agreement between Reshet's shareholders
Shareholders request.

and. General Excavation Committee Asher

9. In order to prevent a conflict of interest and preserve the integrity of Shremes and deputy ministers, she decided
In 1978, the government adopted the recommendations included in the report of a committee it appointed, headed by a judge .0

.1

2

3

Supreme Court Shlomo Asher (hereinafter: the Eshri Committee). The rules were anchored in the decision
And it was determined that the law would apply to sheris and deputy ministers (the rules were later amended in the decisions
Government of Judea and Samaria.

In the rules of the committee which determined that a minister would act in a non-discriminatory manner in his duties, with a fair approach towards me
All and without having a personal interest in his decisions or actions even ostensibly (section 3); More
It was determined that it is the duty of the Minister to conduct his affairs so that there will not be and will not be a conflict of interests between fulfillment
(Section 4) and that in a situation of conflict of interest he is prohibited from participating
In any way whatsoever in the act or in making the decision (Article (a)); In addition, the general rule a ban
To compel a Government to receive remuneration or benefit and to pay his wages from the State (Article 3 (6)).

In view of the multi-faceted relationship that existed with Milzick, you had to report to the comptroller
The State, in accordance with the rules of the Asher Committee, on the conflict of interest in which you were with Milchan, but no
You did. \

In response to a request from the State Comptroller, retired judge Micha Lindenstraat,
You sent, through your attorney, a letter on the subject to be included in order to prevent a conflict of interests in which you stated that no
There is no conflict of interest with regard to any of your relatives, and you declare that whenever there is any concern
A conflict of interest will be reported.

Bios 20.11.2015 Fill out the questionnaire to identify the concern of a political conflict to be appointed as minister or deputy
Sherry. In section 8 of the questionnaire, it is necessary to declare the occupations of other members of the staff who are about to bring you up
In a state of fear of conflict of interests. In response to this article, you noted that the attorneys UD Shimron
And Yitzhak Molcho set a conflict of interests arrangement. You did not limit this question to the conflict of interests you were in
Available with his tools.

G. Acts of breach of trust

4

According to the Law, in the acts described above, you have performed in your capacity the Ammonis violation
Which violate the integrity and public trust, in two ways, as detailed below:

A. | You harmed the image of the public service and the public's confidence in it, in fulfilling its functions
Pavelis, and Brest your role as prime minister, exist for Shanisse relationships
Patula As-Milchin and Pucker, in which you received privileges in connection with your duties
And your status as prime minister of Israel, in different ways, sometimes on demand,
Continuously, in significant quantities and volumes, and in the ways detailed above, which are summarized
The total accumulated during the relevant period amounted to 707,146 Sheikhs.

B. | You acted in the framework of fulfilling your public duties, primarily as prime minister, in favor of
Businessman Meltz, when you are in a sharp conflict of interest between your personal obligation
And to the public, and in three of the cases specified in Chapter Five
above: 5

6

7

61 Your unusual activity vis-à-vis US officials to assist Milcin in the solution
A problem with his waking to the United States.

Your unusual activity with the Minister of Finance, Yair Lapid, is to assist Miltzin in prolonging
The period of exemption from paying and reporting income tax on income outside of Israel.

3 Exceptional activity, yourself and through the Ministry of Communications, Philber, to assist
To Milcien in regulatory matters relating to the merger transaction between the communications companies Network
And Keshet, so that an investment made by Miltzin at that time would be worthwhile for him
From an economic point of view, as part of a deal with which you and Milstein wanted.

In the acts of breach of trust that you performed on suspicion, a series of strict measures were fulfilled as detailed

below:

A.

In action
And hard

You carried out your duties as part of your tenure as Prime Minister
Israel and as the minister in charge of media coverage in the Israeli government.

The amount of benefits you received during the five-year period is very high.

You intervened in the handling of the government ministries to which you were responsible for matters relating to Milczyn,
When you are in a sharp and ongoing conflict of interest between your personal commitment to Milzin, which stems
Your personal contact with him and the benefits he provided you, and your commitment to the public.

I am less than certain about your actions in the matter of the issue of the visa and the issue
The merger of the companies Keshet and Keshet, in that you operated in your positions in a different way than it did
It is necessary and customary to deal with these matters. You have also used and activated the Office Manchil
The media subordinate to you, Filber, is to promote the personal promotion of personal intelis by Milstein Gats Una
You'll distribute it.

You have knowingly violated the rules of the Asher Committee, in an ongoing and systematic manner. Getting yourself into a state of
Conflict of interest and the production of personal favors for yourself contrary to sections 3, 4, 3 (6) (a) and
7a) to these rules.

You have worked to cleanse the benefits you received from Milzack and Pucker, and in general you do not
To state to the State Comptroller the financial conflict in which you were present as a result of receipt
Your personal favors and inconvenience are malalcin.

In accordance with the law, you have abused your position and status, and you have suffered a minor injury
The propriety of the actions of the public administration, the integrity of public servants, and trust

The public in public servants and employees.

Teapom

 

Due to the above practices, I am considering bringing you to justice for offenses of fraud and breach

Trust me

- According to Article 284 of the Penal Law. 8

9

.0

1

2

3

File 2000 - A suspicion in a nutshell
As mentioned, for many years you have held senior positions in the public service.

Arnon Mozes (hereinafter: "Muzatei") is a man who is active in the media
He is the controlling shareholder of the Yedioth Ahronoth group. A group of informants out of my wits, between
The daily newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth, and holds the Interteat website (hereinafter:

Thay.) Muzet is the editor-in-chief of Yedioth Ahronoth, and has influence
Is evident on the contents of the newspaper and the site.

In 2007, Adelson founded the Israel Hayusi newspaper, which was distributed in Thins (hereinafter: Israel Hayomay).
The publication of the newspaper caused considerable economic damage to the Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper owned by Moses.

There was a deep rivalry between you and Moses. At the same time, each of you hanged
In an interest that lives in the power of the other to the hood: you will spread the way you and your coverage are covered
Your family was in the Yedioth Ahronoth group, especially during an election campaign, and you knew that Marvelous
Had a significant effect on the intention of informing my talents and of the Arrow. Moses wanted to bring it down
Limitations on Israel will be applied in order to significantly improve economic relations with it.

It is suspected that in the course of 2008-2014, there is a three-year process
Series of meetings: one in 2008-2009; The second in 2013 and the third in 2014.
During each of these series of meetings there is a discussion with Mavas, in which you discuss how
Your coverage of the Yedioth Ahronoth media, and the reduction of Israel's damage
Hiosey in the Yedioth Ahronoth group.

According to the agreement, between you and Moses, at one of the meetings in the last quarter of 2014 (to:
This was a period of suspicion that took place on January 4, 2014, and towards the election campaign
For the Twentieth Knesset (hereinafter: the "Bahraini period"), Moses offered you a bribe by bringing about a significant change
For the better in your coverage of the media outlets of the "Yediot Aharonot" group, in return for this
Which will operate within the framework of your public role to promote restrictions on Israel in the version
A softening of a proposed amendment that was laid on the Knesset table by MK Eitan Cabel (hereinafter: "Yavnei").

In spite of the fact that at this meeting, even though you did not request or grant a bribe, you did not refuse
But continued to have a long and detailed conversation about the elements of the bribe proposal
Which he brought to you. In other words, we are improving the coverage. There is also a discussion regarding the legislative code
As well as ideas you have raised about how it can be brought to maturity in periods
The elections, although in fact you did not mean to obscure the said legislation. At the end of this presentation session
Maves had the intention to examine the feasibility of passing the law during the election period.

For the purpose of this meeting, the Coalition's investigative committee, Gav Elkin, and Voyager, the Knesset Committee, Yariv Levin
(Hereinafter: Yelkinay and Yilvaye, respectively) regarding the examination of the feasibility of the legislation being drafted during the period
Elections, and he was fed up with Muzet's mischievous proposal. At this meeting you are told that you will not be able to
Legislation during this period. There is then a brief meeting with Moses, even at your own initiative, in order to
To update and continue the discussion about the components of the bribe proposal that you have given you.

10 44

 

Who did not respond to the bribe offer, you did the above actions to shred Moses
To influence how your media coverage in the Yedioth Ahronoth group is concerned, and to avoid publication
Negative ones that will hurt you or your family, at least as long as the talks continue. You have done as stated
With a clear exploitation of your public role, for which Moose approached you with a bribe, and a presentation
His intention was to examine the possibility that you would use your government power in order to defraud you
The good cop, if you did not intend to.

Details of suspicions

5

There was a deep rivalry between you and Moses. Although and, as noted, in Shanisse
8 There are three series of meetings during which you will discuss how to use Sikork
In the recent Yedioth Ahronoth and on the imposition of restrictions on Israel today, in the years 2008-2009, 2013 and
4, as described.

Meetings in the years 2008-2009

6

7

8

Beginning in late 2008, and towards the upcoming elections for the 18th Knesset
9, there is a number of meetings with Mozes.

The meetings were held on your own initiative, were held in secret and were not recorded in Mozes' diary and diary.

In these meetings, you and Moses Hathis, to the effect that Mozes will influence the way you spend your time in the media
Of the Yediot Ahronot group, and in return, you will work to convince Adelson to block the raising
From Israel Hayusi's weekend room. As a result, you turned to Adelson and asked him to postpone
The weekend edition upload. About a year later, the edition was first published. Following
He says that Moses passed on that his continued dissemination would lead to negative reports against you and your family
In Yediot Ahronot, you turned to businessman Milzhen and head of the Spokesman's Office at Rosh
The government at that time Nir Hefetz, who had worked in the past Yedioth Ahronoth (hereinafter: Yihfachei), and asked
To reach an agreement between Edelson and Moses.

Meetings in 2013

9

.0

1

2

Shortly after the elections for the Nineteenth Knesset that took place on January 22, 2013,
Six to seven dripping meetings at the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem.

The meetings were held in Yawmatach, were held in secret and were not recorded in Mozes' diary and diary.

In the course of these meetings, Moses concluded that he would influence the way you looked at the news of my brothers
And you will ask him to limit the dispersion of the Israelites or to pay tribute to Israel
Hioshi.

Later on, you told Mozart that you had approached Adelson as agreed between you, but Adelson denied each
Of the alternatives.

11 Meetings in 2014

3

84

5

6

7

8

9

.0

.1

0

3

4

A. Background events for meetings

On July 12, 2014, Cable submitted the bill to Kidus and to protect the press in Israel,

Which sought to determine the obligation to collect a fee for each daily newspaper with a wide circulation
(Hereinafter: the legal process).

On January 12, 2014, the bill was presented to the Knesset.

On 27.10.2014, the first day of the Knesset winter session, Cabel asked the Knesset plenum
To raise the bill to a preliminary reading in the Knesset plenum without having been discussed previously
Therefore, in the Ministerial Committee for Legislation (hereafter: the Shriti Committee). Voting on the bill
Lius was appointed 29.10.2014.

On October 29, 2014 Cable asked to postpone the vote on the bill, which allowed the routing
Suggestions for discussion in the Ministerial Committee.

On January 2, 2014, the Ministerial Committee discussed the bill and decided to grant freedom of vote
To members of the Government in a vote on the bill.

On 12.11.2014, the Knesset plenum approved the bill in its preliminary reading.

On February 2, 2014, you fired Finance Minister Yair Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni. Following
In addition, the government resigned from other ministers who were members of future Yishuv and Movement parties.

January 3, 2014 The Knesset passed its first reading of the Knesset Disengagement Law,
The Nineteenth. Bios 8.12.2014 The law of dispersion was approved in second and third readings.

On January 17, 2015, the elections for the 10th Knesset were held.

B. The meetings between you and Moses in 2014 - general

In the last quarter of 2014, there is a series of six meetings at the Prime Minister's Residence
In Jerusalem. The meetings were held in Yamis on 27.9.2014, 26.10.2014, 1.11.2014 (hereinafter: "meetings")
), December 4, 2014 (hereinafter: "the meeting was announced"), December 13, 2014 (hereinafter: "the Meeting"
The fifth) and 28.12.2014 (to Halan: "The meeting is my sixth). The fourth and fifth meetings
Were recorded, at your request, via the mobile device of your bureau chief, Ari Harro (to "Halle: Yihro"),
Without Moses' knowledge.

The meetings were held in your own initiative, were held in secret and were not recorded in Mozes' diary and diary.

In the background of the series of meetings during the relevant period stood your Intertz and Moses, when all
One of you recognized that the other side has the ability to encapsulate its interest. You want to improve
The way you and your family are covered by the Yedioth Ahronoth group is a very important swimming pool for you,
Especially during this period, is the period of elections for the Twentieth Knesset. You knew that Moses could make a difference
Has a significant impact on the content of the Israeli media and the Israeli media. Moses, for his part, wanted legislation

12 5

6

7

8

9

.0

Which would limit Israel's existence and thus benefit it economically significantly, and would like it to
You will use your governmental power as prime minister to promote it.

third. Early meetings (1-3 meetings)

In the early meetings, or in part, the petition discusses the possibility of limiting the activities of Israel
Hosei by means of a softened vote compared to the cable bill, in a format to be agreed upon
(Hereafter: "the law in the mottled outline"). As part of the policy of restricting its distribution to Israel
Was reduced to two thirds of its distribution at the time. In addition, concrete steps have been taken
To change how you are covered by the media from the Yedioth Ahronoth group.

In addition, in the early meetings and phone calls that Rouge Case Moses sent on your mission, you discussed with Muzette
On the date expected for a preliminary reading of the bill, including the position of the government
And the coalition in connection with it. In particular, in one of the telephone conversations that Haru conducted, on your mission,
He asked Moises to turn to the cable and ask him to turn to the satellite, in order to coordinate his rejection
The vote in the preliminary reading will be discussed by the ministerial committee without Moses revealing
To a cable that is in your house. Also, at the third meeting of Myos 1.11.2014, you said
Mozes that it will act to grant freedom of vote in the Ministerial Committee regarding the proposed law, in order to
Allow its approval. In this way you hid the program that Elkin introduced to you according to that
That the bill will be approved in the preliminary reading, it will be referred to the Knesset Committee in order to be stuck there.

On January 2, 2014, you worked to ensure that the ministerial committee decided to grant voting rights to cabinet ministers
With regard to the preliminary reading of the bill, this is tantamount to talking to Moses at your meeting
Which, as stated, would have melted Elkin's plan.

On a date that is not precisely known, between Jos 12.11.2014 and Julius 3.12.2014, he meets with your request
The Knesset House Committee will be informed at the home of Haru in Modi'in. At the meeting, Haru and Levin discussed legislation that would limit the use of the word
Israel Hayousi, in an alternative to the cable bill, whether by limiting the circulation of the newspaper or between
Dismissing the weekend edition.

Also, on a date that is not known accurately, to the site of the early meetings, and towards the next meetings
Attorney Moshe Shamron, who advises you from time to time on legal issues "
And Ishis. In this framework, you meet with Shimron in preparation for the continuation of the meetings with Asim and your guidance
Record them. During the consultation, Maron made it clear to you that in your conversations with Moses, one must be careful

In which your requests to Moses will attach to Mozet's requests to you as a public servant,

Set?) - Talk for me.

The acts bear suspicion

D. The fourth meeting

As stated, the fourth meeting took place on 4 December 2014, following the dismissal of the ministers Livni and Lapid
And the decision to advance the elections to the tenth Knesset. The meeting was attended by Rude.

13 1

2

3

4

5

 

At the time of the order, and towards the expected election period, change the way you are covered in the latest news
And a mitz, an animal of great importance to you, and will have a critical effect on the chances of your salvation
In the expected ones. During this period Yedioth Ahronoth was one of the two daily newspapers
Leading Israel (alongside Israel Today), and 6 + one of the two leading news sites
In Israel (along with the media site Yewalaya).

Alongside and, the possibility of transferring the toxis after the decision on dispersion of the Knesset during the period
The election is limited, and therefore Moses had an increased need for actions on your part to loot Transfer Tok
Which would lead to the restriction of Israel Hayoshi.

During the fourth meeting, Moses offered you a bribe. In the framework of this proposal Moses promised that
Will work to significantly improve the coverage of you and your family in the group's media
And a change in the coverage of your political opponents (hereinafter:
'Yamathi'). Moses made the proposed stipulation conditional on you using your influence as prime minister
The law will be codified in a manner that would restrict the Jewish Israel, and thereby benefit the Jews economically
significant. Moses promised you the gift of promoting the law in the awkward outline of a pimp
Throughout the meeting,

"Assuming that there is a law that you and I have agreed upon,
That you've been here for as long as you like. I told you that and I'm coming back
And look you in the eye and tell you Zathy.

After Moses offered you this bribe proposal, even though you did not mean the idea
The law, you did not refuse his offer, you did not end the conversation with him, but presented him with the possibility that
Just use the government line to obscure the bug that benefits him
To the bribery offer. At the same time, he discussed with him his proposal, suggesting possible ideas as to how to implement it
And the purpose is to set the barber as Levin. You acted as mentioned in order to continue the conversation and thus to disfigure
Moses has to influence the way he works in the mass media and avoid
Negative profiles that will hurt you or your family, at least as long as the conversations between you continue.

With regard to the proposed thesis,

A. The possibility of a significant change in the attitude of the media from the Yediot group
My talents to you and your family in the ordinary course of work and in the reporting of news items.
This change was called spin-spin.

B. The possibility of changing the line of coverage of Yediot Aharonot against those who were caught by you
As political rivals, including the Yellinoy party, Moshe Katalon, and those who served at the relevant time
Chairman of the Jewish Yehavit party, Naftali Bennett (hereafter: Yeventy).

In addition, Muzet suggested creating a direct line between you, or anyone on your behalf, and the editor of Yedioth Aharonoth, Ron
Yaron, and edited by Eran Tiefenborn, in order to influence the content of individual reports. Yes
He suggested that the authors of articles on your behalf and of your choice in the Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper should follow.

With regard to the problematic legal framework, you discussed with Moses the following issues:

14 6

7

8

9

.0

 

A. The rate of restriction of Israel's distribution is relatively high or the number is high.
B. Limiting the ratio of ad occupancy per page.

As far as the ways of transferring the law in the agreed outline during the election period are concerned with the subject matter
The babysitter:

A. The possibility of inadvertently deviating the law in the constitutional framework during the election period
Special Knesset Committee.

(B) the possibility of encapsulating the validity in the agreed outline by attaching the discussion to this law

To another bill of national importance, in order to allow for its exceptional approval notwithstanding
This was during the election period.

third. | To appeal to the Knesset members, Cable and Levin, to defer the law in the agreed-upon outline

The captions, without revealing to them about the relationship between you and Moses, and the fact that Moses offered you the bouquet
bribe.

After the fourth meeting, in which I presented to Moses a willingness to examine the possibility of legislation codification
Which Moses sought in the framework of the bribe proposal, Mozet acted on two issues for partial and primary realization
Of the benefit he proposed: to conceal negative information about your wife by placing her on the page
Back and negative coverage about Bennett.

On December 12, 2014, about a week after the fourth meeting, she met with Levin and Elkin and Batas Ladis
That you told Moses, in the Amras Conference, if a bill that would limit it could be promoted during the election period
The Israelite Jews. Elkin and Levin expressed their position that it would not be possible to do so during the period
In the flights. At the meeting you refrained from telling them about the dialogue between you and Moses and about the bribe proposal.
Although you did not mean to encapsulate the legislation, this meeting is intended to instill the feeling in Moses
That you are examining the feasibility of promoting the legislation that Muzet asked for in the bribery proposal he presented to you.

D. The fifth meeting

After meeting with MKs Elkin and Luz, you meet again, with your birthday, with Moses, in order
To update it and to discuss with him the elements of the sponsor's proposal that he presented to you at the fourth meeting. At the beginning
The meeting, presented to him the words of Elkin and Levin to Paysas can not promote the outline of the law
And that in fact the scheme of bribery that he proposed is not possible at the time
That.

Moses expressed disappointment at these deserts and expressed his disbelief in the possibility of reaching an agreement with you from an hour
That the law can not be legislated immediately. You tried to persuade him that he would not be unprepared
Negative publications about you and your family. So, because you wanted the conversation to be over
Continue, present him with a representation that you support the signed attack, you said that you will act to promote it
To the election site, and urged him to continue to talk to Kate about his proposal. Also, and for this purpose, you delivered
If at a close meeting with you, Adelson will talk to him, among other things, about the possibility that he will voluntarily restrict
The dispersion of Israel Hayusi until it is possible to pass a regulation.

15 .1

2

3

D. A meeting with Adelson and the sixth meeting

In your speech at the fifth meeting, on December 27, 2014, or in Buenos Aires, you meet
Adelson. In the framework of a meeting, you asked him to limit the dispersal of the Jewish Israel in return
The draft law of cable. The next day you meet Moses at your initiative for the sixth time, and you update
The same about your meeting with Adelson. All of which, in order to continue and preserve the bond between you and his heart
Moses at the time of the elections, in order to avoid negative publications that would harm you or your family.

D. Acts of ammonite violation

According to the law, in the actions described above, in the performance of your duties, you have performed acts of breach of amnesty
Which significantly harm the integrity and public trust. You, in that after Mutt offered you
A bribe offer does not cease, but there is a detailed discussion with regard to the elements of the proposal,
And taking actions as part of the display is a real possibility that you will use your power
Your government and public office have been destroyed in order to obscure the legislation that benefits it, accordingly
To the bribery offer. In other words, the rough one who did not request or stipulate a bribe, you exploited Moses' proposal
His conviction that you have the power to significantly influence the promotion of legislation, in order to continue the dialogue with him
With the aim of causing Moses to influence the way in which he studies the media
In the election period, and to refrain from negative publicity that would hurt you or your family,
To seduce as long as the sessions continue, thus significantly improving your chances of becoming clearer
For prime minister. In so doing, you have harmed the moral integrity of the public service
And the public's trust in him.

In the acts of breach of trust, as stated above, a series of strict elements were fulfilled, as follows:

A. | You have described your described actions in your capacity as prime minister
Israel.

In You have done your work in the opposite direction of the media outlets in Israel,
While being aware of its power and its critical influence on Israeli public opinion.

third. Your actions described above were carried out during an election period, and with the aim of influencing the way
The coverage in one of the main newspapers in Israel and the election results.

D. | In your actions described above, you even involved senior public officials Elkin and Levin
From your party, in order to instill the sense of feeling in the museum: You are abandoning the feasibility of the bribe offer
His. And you, without showing any enthusiasm that you are addressing me with a suggestion of a bribe raised by Mozart
To you. You also involved in these actions the civil servant, the head of the staff of the Prime Minister's Office,
- Hero.

God. | The law you discussed as part of your proposed bribe had potential
Has a significant impact on the two mainstream newspapers in Israel and on the structure of the press market in general.

16 Seichum

 

4 Due to the above practices, I am considering bringing you to justice for an offense of fraud and sewing
Under Section 284 of the Penal Law.

17 Case 4000 - The suspicions are brief

5

6

7

8

9

.90

.1

As aforesaid, during December 2012 until January 2017 (hereinafter: "the period relevant to the legal suspicion"),
You served as Prime Minister of Israel. Starting from November 2014 until the end of the relevant period
This is why you served as Minister of Communications. By virtue of your position as Prime Minister, and then also by virtue of your position
Your job as Minister of Communications was to have authority to grant permits and permits for business operations
Which were carried out by Bezeq Israel Telecommunications Company Ltd. and related companies (to Halan)
Yevsekay and the Bezeqi Group, respectively), and you were able to influence governmental matters
Which concerns the Bezeq Group.

In the period relevant to this suspicion, the coverage of the media is very significant
For you and your wife Sarah Netanyahu, and will be of decisive importance to him. In the relevant period, you have
The concentration of the media and the spokesmanship in a centralized manner, you used to approve and even withdraw yourself in part
From the messages that were distributed to the media, and to direct your people individually on various actions
That they must take the communication and communication protocol. Improving media coverage and identifying means
Distributing a directory has very significant interests for you.

Shaul Alovici (hereinafter: "Alovecchi") lived, during a period relevant to the suspicions, the controlling shareholder of Kupat Holim
(Hereinafter: "Eurocom"), through which it held control of a number of public companies,
And the Bock group among them. During the relevant period companies from the Eurocos group controlled by Alovici were
Are subject to debts of about 800 million Sheik to various banks.

In the relevant period, the Bezeq Group included a number of companies that dealt with various market segments
The media, assuming that Bock was a monopoly in the field of fixed telephony and its infrastructure
the Internet. In view of the scope of coverage of the Bezeq Group and its special status in the communications market,
The Bezeq Group was subject to the regulations that were implemented and drafted by the Ministry of Communications.

In the relevant period, the Bock group included Yoala! Communication at Aymay, Booth Company
Which is wholly owned by Bezeq, which operated Walla! Pauffai (hereafter: Yewalaye). In the period
The relevant one was Wallahee, one of the two news sites in Israel (alongside the news site)

Yizstaye).

Alongside his control of the Bezeq Group, Alovici held, through Eurocom, until June 2015,
The shares of DBS Shtefeka have satellite television services under the Yes brand name (hereinafter: "Hessie").
In June 2015, the transaction for the sale of the shares of Yes Eurocom to Bezeq was completed, in a manner that led to this
That Bezeq held all the shares of Yes (hereinafter: the "Bezeq-Ytay" transaction).

The Bezeq-Yes deal required your approval as Minister of Communications. The completion of the transaction led to the occurrence of the transaction
Paid a total of about one billion Sheik to the Eurocos group controlled by Alovici. These funds
Were used by Alubici to pay Bankis for Eurocom's debts under his control.

18 2

3

4

5

6

7

8%

The connection between you and Aloubizi began at the end of the 1990s, after the 1999 elections
(Avrovensteini), who was close to both of you and worked in the past
Alovic in the Eurocos group.

Until the year 2 there was a long acquaintance between you and Alubici. Towards the end of 2011, recommended
Rubinstein Alovici and Iris. Alubitzi (to Helen: "Iris Alovicii and together the couple's spouses
Alovitzi '), to come for a condolence visit to your wife, Sara Netanyahu. Rubinstein said to Alovici
That you would like Hess to come to visit the Nehumis. In December 2012, a period bonus
The general vacations that were to be celebrated on January 22, 2013, you and your wife invited
Sarah would leave the Alovici couple for a joint dinner at the Raffles Residence.

During the joint dinner, you and your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, were brought before the children of the Zog Alovici
Various complaints about the media coverage of him and the media in Israel in general, and the website
Iwalthe in particular. At dinner, Benykes agreed that you could refer to the Alovici couple, by themselves
And through Enykes, demands regarding the media coverage on the Yewalaye website.

As stated, at the dinner date, as described above, you served as Prime Minister of Israel. Even earlier,
And by virtue of the relevant legislation, Aluvizi is required to approve you for the purpose of carrying out appropriate procedures
His business. Thus, inter alia, it will apply to a permit to transfer control of the shares of BOC which enabled the transfer
Control of the Bezeq Group for Alovici in 2010. |

At the same time, and as will be detailed below, on the date of the dinner described above, there were
Terms at stake are the most significant regulatory business interests for Aluvizi as a holder
The control of Bezeq, and primarily the retail market reform, is the main goal of the Minister of Communications
As of June 2012, the number of Hodshishim Codet has changed.

Aluvici was, therefore, the controlling shareholder in one of the most significant groups of companies in the economy
Israeli, and your significant economic interisys had the potential to influence them
Directly and indirectly.

In light of that, the meeting took place between you and your wife Sarah Netanyahu and the couple
Alovecich infused each of you with a significant interest that the other side had the ability to advance. are you
Knew that Alovitzi and the Yewalaye website could improve your media coverage and that of your family
Which was very significant to you, and to serve as a means of transmitting a film, against the background of the interest
Your overall as described above, and background to your specific interest in improving the coverage period
Election campaign. On the other hand, Aluvizi knew that you could encapsulate his and his group's interesis
Eurocos, thanks to your formal role as prime minister and because of the need to sign your credentials
Which are necessary for the Bezeq Group's Atakis, and by virtue of your status and your influence on a minister
The media, which believes that trust in the regulation and production of the Bock Group and other companies
Under his control.

19 9

.0

.1

2

3

4

5

Against the background of these intertis, the system of relativistic relations in the relevant period became a relationship
Mutual of giving and waking, which included various benefits given to you by Alubic in the mask of coverage

In the media, against the expectation that it will be lured by various inter-related organizations in the Eurocos and Bo
personally.

Soon after the dinner, an intimacy, frequent and tragic relationship began between you and your wife
Sarah, and Alovici directly and through intermediaries. Later, she joined this connection.
Iris Alubay. In the framework of your relationship, you and your wife directed the Alovici couple demands
The coverage of which was covered on the Wallahay website and even demanded relevant demands
For coverage of your political opponents.

Exceptional relationship is reflected in many intensity requirements over a number of years, hundreds
Requirements, sometimes daily requirements, which were often transferred at unusual times, to coverage or
To prevent coverage of one kind or another. Another deviation from the relationship was expressed in the demand for intervention
The controlling shareholder is blatant in inserting the site's specifications according to the requirements of the site. Indeed, in many cases
Very much, following the demands, the Alovits intervened in the coverage given to you or your family or
To your political adversary and to Meretz, Ravis intervenes to change the coverage as requested. present
And, in the relevant period, it was common among your people that the Yewalaye site was a sharing site
Exceptionally, the work of your office can be influenced by its placement in a way that benefits you and
Your wife, in a way that is not possible in most other media outlets.

As mentioned above, these requirements were related to the coverage of your husband and wife by the Wallace website, for negative coverage of
Your political rivals, and the change of publications that were brought to the site, and they were displeased.

The frequency and level of requirements increased around the periods of January 2013 and March 2015,
And around publications dealing with various issues that dealt with you and your family, as will be detailed below. connection
The exception between you and your wife and the Alovici couple on the issue of coverage continues until the beginning of 2017.
At the same time, the Yivwallah people stopped cooperating with the diversion of coverage.

Throughout the relevant period, the Alovici couple acted in defiance of your demands and in order to realize them
These same people have blatantly and persistently interfered with the contents of the Yeualai site and brought, to please you,
To change the content and the volume of publications that concern you and your family in Yellowwall, and to report negative
Towards your political opponents (hereinafter: "the method of the surveys or the review of the reviews)
Your coverage and the provocative response of the Alovic couple have seriously damaged the judgment
Of the website's journalists and editors, while influencing the way the site is covered.

You and your wife asked the Alovitch couple to intervene in the content of the site and they agreed to the demands of the court
Although in the relevant period, Alovici lived as a controlling shareholder of the site, and not Muville or the owner of a background
Journalist, and did not carry any professional position on the site. Also, Iris Alovitch did not fill all
An official position in the Yewalhi or Bezeq.

20 6

7

8

9

.0

.1

2

 

You asked the Alovici couple for your provocative demands and your wife, Sarah Netanyahu
You are aware, at the latest from January 2014, that you will be given the right to receive the applications
Which are related to your public functions, and that you are asked or may be asked by Alovic to promote
His different affairs - as indeed happened. Alubici gave you these benefits from
Expectation and mutual understanding that, taking into consideration your power, status, and authority, you may, within your duties

The public, to assist him with a niche that will give him, directly or indirectly, business and economic benefit
petition.

In light of this set of handles and according to Alubici's expectations, you used your power
And your authority as a public servant in order to obscure subjects that Alvitzi Hefetz Bickers, for him or for
Various companies from the Eurocos Group. At the same time, and concurrently with the requirements detailed above, the transaction
In a number of cases in which Alouvici's regulatory authority was concerned, and you carried out a real deal of rigging
Your role was to encroach upon Alubici's significant interests, as will be explained below.
Your actions in favor of Alubitzi were done against the favors that Alowitz gave you in the coverage,
While acting in a bias and placing yourself in a conflict of interest between your public and public roles
Your business is private.

Your involvement in the affairs of Aluvici and your actions to promote economic interests
And in general, the permit to pledge control shares in Bezeq for the purpose of issuing a bond in B-Kot, approval
The sale of Yad-2, the approval of the Bezeq-Yes transaction and other economic benefits deriving from your activity, yielded
Elovitz has direct and indirect sums of up to NIS 1.8 billion. Part
A notable of the funds received by Aluvizi, as a result of your regulatory decisions, were used on it
In order to repay the outstanding debts of companies of the Eurocos Group under its control to Bankis.

Below is a description of the background to the main regulatory considerations relevant to the suspicions.

The Bezeq transaction - As noted above, until June 2015, a portion of Yes shares was held by Eurocos
And will be distributed by the Bezeq Group. By March 2014, the Bock group had been prevented from buying the full amount
The holdings in Yes, in view of the objection of the Commissioner to the business conglomerates (hereinafter: "Yitammoni").

In March 2014, following a reexamination of Bezeq's request to purchase the YES shares held by the Company
Which was approved by Eurocos, the Commissioner approved the Bezeq-Yes transaction and the terms of its terms. Since the approval of a minister
Communications to the transaction are required according to the Company's license, and will be distributed to the Ministry of Communications later in the month
July 2014, in an application to approve the Bezeq-Yes transaction. This certificate is required in addition to the required certificate
To give the deal the term, and the considerations for giving it were more broad than the considerations set by Shekel
The Commissioner.

In this context, it should be noted that in an agreement signed between Eurocos and Bezeq for purposes of the sale of YES shares, it was determined that
Insofar as the approval of the Minister of Communications will be subject to substantive conditions, this will enable Bezeq's Board of Directors
Repeat it and cancel the deal. The sales agreement set a framework for obtaining approval. due in
It was important for Aluvizi to get the approval for the deal, because money was in exchange for the shares
That Yurokus was to receive from the deal a predetermined plan for the development of huge debts of companies

21 3

4

5

6

7

From the Eurocos Bankis group, he had difficulty in repaying.

The Tituna Market * - In many years it became clear that the number of competitors in the communications market is limited to a number
Infrastructure, is too small to dictate effective competition in the communications market. And the need for the need
Infrastructure was a barrier to the media market, which affected competition in this market. So Kids

The Ministry of Communications over the years reforms aimed at opening up different segments of the market
Communication to competition.

In May 2012, Minister of Communications Moshe Kahlon published a policy paper on the expansion of competition
(Hereinafter: "the Policy Document"), in which it adopted the main recommendations of the Committee
(Government bonds). The policy document stipulates, among other things, that the cost of infrastructure has been charged
Sell ​​telepathy service and wholesale services, and the latter will provide the services on top
Infrastructure of infrastructure ownership. In 2013, the government approved a government policy
Headed by you, and even began to be held to discuss the components of the reform.

Subsequently, in November 2014, the then Minister of Communications, Gilad Erdan, installed regulations
The Communications (Telecommunications and Broadcasts) (Use of the Public Pool Network of Fei), 2014 (hereinafter:
"Communications Regulations"). The regulations stipulate the obligation to own the infrastructure to provide wholesale services,
And the maximum rates that can be charged for the service. Ownership license
The infrastructure determined that the services will be offered starting in 2015. This reform had three components
Relevant to this case: I will issue a stationary Internet infrastructure, providing telephony services
Linearity, and the use of passive infrastructures.

Structural separation - within the framework of the deliberations of the Hayek Committee and in the policy document that adopted it, it was recommended to cancel
Restrictions imposed in the past on the Bezeq Group and requiring it to be separated in a structural manner between the various services
Which it provided in order to reduce its monopolistic power in the media. The Haik Committee recommended
To link the cancellation of the structural separation to the implementation of the wholesale market reform.

Following the publication of the policy document and based on its interests in the matter, Bock began to demand
From the Ministry of Communications to cancel the structural separation, so that it will be possible to merge the provision of Clal
The services provided by the Bezeq Group are under one legal, corporate and operating entity. This move
Giles has an economic advantage to Bezeq, and for good reason it has been endowed for a long time by the Ministry of Communications
Effective shading of the wholesale market reform.

Exceptional compliance with your demands to divert the coverage on the Wallaie website

8

As stated in the general section above, during the relevant period and as part of a mutual exemption system of the grantor
And my life, which was formed in Younis, was demanded by you and your wife, directly and through others, from the spouses
Aluvizi to intervene in the content and advertising on the site of Yewalaye and to change them, in accordance with the interests
Your personal and your public and political interests.

wave 9. Throughout the relevant period, Aloveitch is generally determined to meet the requirements of the throne. Using sessions to click on

90

.1

2

Manchil the site, Ilan Yeshua (to Hellen: Yishuahai) and through it on the skin pocket and the script on the site,
Alovitzi that the site Yawalayay gave you and your wife Sarah Netanyahu a foothold and influence
Material on the content of the site that you and your wife had an interest in and the manner of advertising. As of 2015,
A member of Alublitz Iris Alovici, also engaged in providing a response to your demands and demands
Your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, and by exerting pressure on him to respond to the demands of the throne.

The intriguing connection between you and the Alovitch couple continued until the beginning of 2017.
At the same time he stopped salvation and cooperated with the demands of the court to divert the sycamore. This is against the background
The Alovici couple applied to him for the purpose of coordinating testimonies and disrupting relevant evidence
To the requirements of the coverage and to respond to them, in light of concerns about an anticipated investigation.

The requirements for intervention in the content of the site were varied, but were based on shared goals
The following: To improve your coverage of your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, and my children from the Diaspora and to emphasize
him; Reduce as much as possible negative coverage of you, your wife and your family, and so on
Published, to reduce its sting and limit exposure to it; To promote negative coverage on the site
To your political opponents; And to make use of the biowalhi as a tool for transferring political messages in the Diaspora
square. These requirements are designed to serve your general media interest and get positive coverage
You and your community, your specific interest as prime minister for reelection
And continue to serve in it, and the web of your wife Sarah Netanyahu to receive positive coverage that will contribute
Her image is public.

These demands took different forms. Thus, between the permit, demands were made to raise positive information
Who deal with you, with your wife who is resting with Netanyahu and with your children and with pictures of you, such as your demand
To upload photos of your presence in the funeral of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon; Requirements for Perseus
Information with political messages that you want to distribute to a wide audience, such as your demand to publish
Prominently and for many hours a clip on your behalf in Beirut in 2015, warning that you will be Arabs
We will massively mobilize the polling stations and call on the voters of Haimin to vote for your party; Requirements
To increase the time of exposure of information that is favorable to you, and to give Kosos more prominence to the news item
These are, for example, requirements to leave information concerning the precarious state of your official residence for a long period of time
Normal site; Requirements for changing negative titles that dealt with you, your wife, and your family
Your request, shortly before the 2015 elections, to change a title that concerns your concern about the results of the election;
Requirements for the deletion of negative information published about you such as information about claims filed
Against your family members by former employees in your official residence; Demands to conceal news and headlines
The negatives that have afflicted you, your wife Sarah, and your family have been prominent places in the family
And demands to reduce the exposure of these items (hereinafter: "Yiddoruri"), such as your demand for deterioration
Information concerning high expenses in your official residence; A requirement to prevent the broadcast of an interview that took place
And the retrospective editing of unwanted passages from an interview in Tret will be published, as was the case with regard to the interview
Edited by you Dov Gilhar Yamis just before the 2015 elections; And demands to raise negative information
Political opponents, and other factors, such as raising a news item attacking President Rivlin

23 3

3

5

6

7

8

About Deborah, who, following Perseus, said he was wearing SS uniforms. All as will be explained to Helen.

At the time of the live coverage requirement, you know that the Alovici couple's enlistment and responsiveness
The demands of the throne were exceptional in any accepted media standard. The Alovici couple responded
To the requirements of your husband and wife, and even make sure you are aware of the degree of responsiveness
Your requirements are exceptional. They did this, as part of a reciprocal shifting system of give and take
And with the expectation and mutual understanding that in view of your public status, destruction and your authority as head
A government, and later also as minister of communications, will be able to cover up matters in exchange for an exception
And to make decisions that would benefit him on matters of crucial importance
For the sons of Hazog alovici and for the companies and businesses under the control of Alovici.

The electoral rolls, which were held within the relevant period, in January 2013 and March 2015,
There were peak periods in terms of the intensity of your demands for coverage. And, among other things, because of its importance
Of the Joomla site for you during these periods. As noted above, Yewalaye was, during the relevant period, one
From two of the most pernicious news sites; And, from your point of view, he had another important importance from light to light
The degree of its significant public exposure and its ability to serve as a counterweight

A media outlet for the site, which at the relevant time was Yvonale's main competitor
The scope of exposure to the public is perceived by you as a site that is hostile to you and your family
Communication.

Additional intensive periods in the coverage requirements of Alex Malovici were recorded around the coverage of the
Various parashat related to you and your wife, including the affair of Mani Naftali, the parasha of the dormitories, in which she was buried
Your wife was stabbed under warning, affairs exposed by the State Comptroller's allegations about you, and more.

A central element in your demands touched upon the publication of the publication, or were destined to be spread
In Baywallay, they were busy with you, your wife, and your family. In Makrish many Darshtas of the Alovici couple
To prevent negative critical coverage or to intervene in order to remove critical scandals from the site
Negative, which has already been published, to change a negative headline so that it will be more positive towards you and towards me
From your family, in order to pass a negative Perseus to Makot less prominent on the site and more.

The intensive demands and the exceptional responsiveness of the Alubici couple to these demands have led
To put pressure on the skin and reporters, who wanted to act against journalistic norms
Acceptable. This mask has led to the diversion of the coverage on the site to your advantage, for the benefit of your wife
And for the benefit of your family. In addition, your demands, and as a result of them intense involvement of my son
The Alovici couple in the coverage of you and your family in Javawalla brought a chilling effect and caused it
That the paperwork and the reporters in the town of Yavnehti had used the press to censor the self-censorship,
Critical criticisms that concern you and your family have been censored in advance and have not been published.

The requirements for coverage and intervention in the contents of the site were reserved by you to the Alovici couple in two channels:
Direct and indirect.

4 9

.0

.1

2

3

4

5

In the direct channel, you or your wife Sarah Netanyahu directly covered the reporting requirements for my son
Vogue Alovici. Between you and Aluvizi, establish direct contact through meetings and phone calls
In which you complained to them about the negative coverage, in your opinion, of you and your family on the Yewalhi website,
And sometimes even demanded specific requirements for the content of the site. In addition, and in your knowledge, took place
Your wife Sara Netanyahu and Iris Alovici have a direct relationship based on correspondence
In Masarounis, phone calls and meetings, in which your wife complained to Iris Alovici about

And your family and the family at the Yuevalay site, and demanded specific requests for intervention in the content
The site.

Your direct involvement in the Al-Bawzi case in the coverage areas has, among other things, been reflected in this
July 26, 2015 Directly transfer to Aluvici a document explaining how you are covering the site
Yavalehi, from which, according to you, the site has covered you negatively. The said document
You chose to transfer to Aluvich by means of Filber, from the Ministry of Communications at that time, between him
And Elovitch was regulated by a regulator.

In the second, indirect channel, you and your wife adjust the coverage requirements by means of a third factor
A mediator, initially through Rubinstein and later through Hefetz, the media advisor of the
Your family. In addition, you have been subjected to coarse coverage requirements through media consultants employed in your office
And by other employees in your office who passed the coverage requirements according to the instructions.

Transferring the individual requirements of you and your wife to interfering with the content of the site through a factor
A third was performed on an oral basis, in telephone conversations, in text messages or in messages from employees
With your involvement and control in the content of the requirements, and sometimes even in their wording, and generally within
Monitoring the degree of responsiveness of the Alovici couple to the demand, and to the chewing of the child even with the help of the requirements
And continue to correct the manner of response until a satisfactory result is achieved.

The coverage requirements of you and your wife have been transferred mainly through Rubinstein and given over
His hand to Aluvici and his salvation. Alubic was working on salvation for the butcher in order to fulfill these demands,
And salvation would go to the editors of Valachai and guide them accordingly. Yeshua regularly updated
The Alovici couple and Rubinstein in response to the demands of the Reich.

Subsequently, from approximately September 2014, and in addition to the transfer of the requirements through Rubinstein,
It acted in a similar manner by means of dispersal and crude transfer through it.
In your speech, I met with Ass Alovitzi, and later on, Alubitzi created a connection between a desire and salvation.
Alubiczi briefed Yeshua and chose him because he is your representative and therefore his demands must be fulfilled. You want
Updated you on the content of his conversations, Alubitzi and Yeshua. From then on, the connection between the two was conducted
Alubitzi and salvation in a pattern similar to that described above about Rubinstein. As part of this, guide the
It is desirable that the coverage requirements of your wife and son, Yair Netanyahu, be transferred to Tars for their transfer
Alubic and salvation.

From 2015 onwards, most of the requirements for coverage and messages have been channeled through, and a few
Were transferred through Rubinstein and your spokesmen Boaz Stumbler, Shai Chaik and Ran Bara.

25 6

7

8

9

.0

Throughout the relevant period, you receive current updates regarding the performance of your requirements
Directly and by means of the mediator through whom the request was conveyed to the Alovici couple.

The Alovici couple responded to a considerable part of their demands for coverage by using a direct press
Salvation and indirectly about the editor of the site and correspondents in it, and even his day, with a bias of the Hatikkur in Baywallay
Significantly in your favor, for the benefit of your wife and for the benefit of your family. This, out of a desire to please
And within the framework of your mutual understanding that compliance with the requirements of the coverage stems from the expectation
Of the Alovici couple who will use your power and your governmental powers to make matters better
That you are the source of your authority. All and did the Alovici couple while rejecting journalistic considerations presented
To them by salvation as an act of resistance to the demands.

The Alovici couple's direct intervention in the content of the site, as well as the fact that the intervention
Stems from your demands and the demands of your wife, was hidden from the employees of the Yuevalah site.

Here are some examples of your demands for coverage and response to the Alubici couple
Requirements:

A few days before the general elections held in January 2013, you and your wife discussed it
Netanyahu turned to Rubinstein to turn to Alovici and Yeshua with demands to detail negative information
The Boy Scouts of the Jewish Home Party, Naftali Bennett. And, against the background of concern that took place
In your environment, from the strengthening of the political power of the party and its leader ahead of the elections. between
The rest demanded Rubinstein, on your behalf, from Alovich and Yeshua to publish reports that Bennett's wife was
Worked in a non-kosher restaurant in the past, about how Eldad Yaniv called for a vote for Bennett, and about a committee
The central elections received the Likud's petition against the use of the home party by a Jew
In Bennett's photos beside you. Simultaneously with the demands that Rubinstein passed on your behalf, Bius enlisted
2 The Shech hid between Elubitzi and Salvation, in the framework of which Alubitzi transferred salvation to Judas
Sent by Rubinstein on your behalf:

Alubich: 'Isol, you have a flap and thank you, this is the material: Bennett:
Prominent among us is the election campaign - Livni Tova and Werner Bibi. She's tough
More than sometimes, she is more determined. 'Bennett:' Yachimovici
A woman of truth, ready to sit with me in the government.

Yeshua: "Knowledge is already in the Scriptures, and it will rise soon
More powerful but done as they please. "

.%

Alovic: "The material I passed on to you is very important, especially what they found
That Bennett's wife worked as a chef at a non-kosher restaurant (I passed it on
Its picture and description of the restaurant and the menu of vermin)
And she is a religious woman ... The second and most important matter is the quotation of
Eldad Yaniv, who is a friend of Bennett and says that he did not vote for the left then
Vote for Benny.

Salvation: "I will receive the first forbidden second I will try later in the day that there will be 3
Against him and this is unlikely.

6 .1

2

Alovic:

salvation:

Alovic:
Alovici;
salvation:
Alovic:
Salvation:

Alovic:
salvation:
Alovic:
salvation:
Aloubi;
salvation:
ALOVIC /:

salvation:

The discourse quoted above took place between the hours of eleven and one at one in the morning.
In accordance with the demand, the same headline was published in the main headline of "Yoveli:
'The Commissary Committee:' 'to lower Bennett's ads alongside its inferiority', after Kodesh rose

These are the most important conjunctions that have come out
Your intervention ... very, very. They scour Yinon Magal and get him
Background on Ilan.

"Elit will keep a corrective background after everything I've done ... fine
In the first and second /

I told you that was what they thought of Lishbei.

'' From the friend: He sits and looks at Wallah... He means Gedolie
"I and the whole system on it ... *

"It's important to him and hysterically it's the restaurant and Eldad to Nebi

'"I realized you could be hushed up to Toph including the restaurant and Eldad ... everything
It will be Sunday morning.

Willa good! He asks them to read about it on the weekend ... Shaul is
Shouts a pity about time It came up in a flash not as a story and only the download of
The signs are wrong ... * /

"Within minutes it's in my mind ...

"It's unbelievable that the big man sits and waits for hours and we can not succeed
Raise such foolishness ... /

Rise.

"Finally, leave a lot of time ... from the friend: Please leave
It's a little tomorrow because of the night time and tomorrow they will go up for Shabbat until
We are using the plant and Eldad Yaniv

'' I have been instructed to leave a lure to 10 at the ...

"He asks until 11 and follows the continuation from tomorrow he really asks
A push until Monday evening is important to him

'' All right, he'll get a warm shoulder for the whole time until the day he sleeps.

Makos reporting is less prominent on the site.

On the day of Hios, Rubinstein turned again to Aluvici and to Chaya, under your guidance, and demanded that Peres publish the book
The news described above. Alubitzi and Yeshua explained to Rubinstein that they would publish too much
Negative articles against Bennett This may expose the connection between you and Aluvizi and harm

To Yvallahi and you. At the same time, the following discourse took place between Alubici and Yeshua:

Alubi:

"You raped a conference to explain to a friend and he will try to explain
Even though I'm sure I did not.

27 Yeshua: "'The article on Shulamit and Eldad will hurt my friends ... if I intervene
Some of the children with me will run to his friends at Bernese or it will come
God forbid, to Tali and from there directly to a white mercury ... Let us continue
In that direction ... I am helping friends now a big way too
And also in a large item that shows how to erase the outdoor control ...
Yesterday's headline with Bibi's big picture we shot up
1 in the morning with a nimble effect ... B's headquarters went wild
We had to ... The editors raged at me because I had prevented the drawing of the scrolls
Nigeria ... Then I returned this to the heads of the elections ... They get a slice
A back wind is missing precedent ...!

Alubic: "'Shaul I can not answer ... I just beg you .... he is
He wanted to call you again

Salvation: 'They are hurting themselves and can not be touched and swallowed to mediate the site
In this way we are seconds before the mass resignation of all heads
The system with the exit of it out colossal damage to them and damaged
Irreversible to us. "

3. Later in the day, Rubinstein approached Alubic and Yeshua, under your guidance, and asked them to preach a report
Negative relationship with Bennett's father:

Alov: '' From the friend: check the possibility: in light of his brazen comparison
Naftali between the assassination of a character that they did to Bibi after Rabin's assassination
The Likud's knitted skullcaps and the severe incitement
In his speech to the press, I suggest that you examine the pictures
From the demonstration against Rabin at the inauguration of the Kfar Shmaryahu junction where you will discover
Bennett's father almost physically hurts Rabin and the demonstration at Wingate
Following it to the best of my knowledge, a police file was opened against him because of him
violence. If he incites against the Prime Minister perhaps it is worth using
In the aforementioned materials, a way and arouse the secular public about a home
The growth from it comes ...

Yeshua: "I will sit with the staff tomorrow and see what can be done ... *

Rubinstein later asked not to publish your demands:
Alubitzi: "From the friend: Do not take out what you owe to Bennett

shred...
Salvation: 4

8 4. Bios 1.12.20135 There have been reports on the level of expenses of your family in your residence

5

6

The official, one of them in the headline: Netanyahu's water account: NIS 80,000 per year
And the second under the heading: Illuminations at NIS 6,000: The full expense account of the Netanya family.
As a result of the reports that you and your wife Sarah were putting down, Rubinstein was instructed to turn to Alovici
And the desire to demand that these reports be reported to Makus is less prominent on the site. Following the reference
Alubitzi instructed Salvation to act according to the demand and even added: "These patients are very distressed
That they would need to be taken care of. After Yovelhi did not respond to your request while you were anxious, Rubinstein turned

Lalubiczi and spoke to him and your people. Alubici updated Yeshua with the messages that Rubinstein gave him,
Vishua updated Alovici's objections to the system's demands:

Alubic: "Nothing came down with me on the line ... It's boiling! Working on me !!!
Everything is in Walla News or Finance ... The article with the candles
And the article with the water's title is in a related address
For the article with the title of the candles.

Salvation: No one sees it there ... but if you want I'll give an order
Otherwise he will not go in front of Yinon but it's already on the brink of explosion ... I'm trying
Again in front of him.

Alubi \ / '' Shaul I get off of it they're at the edge ... did not download the video ... no
Download one from? Articles ... did not download the talkbacks ... it
Still on the front page of the news

Salvation: Everything is in progress ... He actually does talk to him again ... More dead
Minutes and it goes down a good night.

In the end, the news spread to a marginal place on the site, and one article was completely removed
The site.

In the framework of your demands to publish information about extraordinary expenses of the President of the State, Bius
3 At 5:58 AM, Rubinstein turned to salvation with a demand of your own: Good morning
Sorry about the 8 o'clock order I have ..... I need you urgent in my request. After talking on the phone he wrote
Yeshua for Rubinstein:

Salvation: 'I spoke with Yinon all on fire ... Send by e-mail

Rubinstein: "Just do not burn too much ... I'm in line with them
In order to make public discourse and Beit Hanasi'i

Yeshuah: 'He will send Yinon materials already on Zehi

Rubinstein: 'Excellent! Keep in mind that the proposal is a lot and will not save
"Hey, send 'em. ... Make a headline that came down from me."

Salvation: The two points are Hobnu

Rubinstein: I'm calling you. You'll also read this and Walla should make a headline
First of all, Peres will not fly, and the Knesset will have ownership
A regular tithe, and so should be, and save millions of shekels

29 7. In the wake of the report, a report was published in Jawwalai entitled: 24 hours before:
Israel tactfully to Mandalay. The article stated that you canceled your trip due to costs

And this is followed by the possibility that President Peres will fly in your place. Please update later
Salvation to Aluvizi that the requirement was addressed:

Salvation: "Standardized".
Alovitch: "It's not easy with them
Salvation: "Yes, this is the client.

8. Blum 13.12.2013 Rubinstein sent intensive and detailed requests for the uploading of details
Regarding the collapse of the ceiling at the Ru'im Residence following an extreme heat wave. This, according to his claim, is at
That you held important work meetings there. Rubinstein opened the door

A dedicated Wattap group whose name would be the courtyard of my house, where demands were made
The coverage in this matter:

Rubinstein: "Urgent peace !!! We ask to upload pictures that we will immediately convey:
A ceiling in the inner courtyard of the house of Rahma Kosa and snow spilled
Inward, water penetrated the electric channels and gourmis lice
And power off. Rahm who visited a visit to the secretary
The American state in the city of Jerusalem
Barkat commented on the activity in the past few hours
Coordination and discussions with government and military ministers.

Salvation: "To extract pictures and material and to go up to me.

9. Yvonlai accepted the demands, but in a way that did not satisfy you and as a result, Rubinstein turned
Alovilch:

Rubinstein: It's with a picture of a snow puppet dead! ... Make me healthy
Thanks but that's not good why in a snowman! Why rum in the picture
He smiles again and thinks he is teasing him !!!! Why not two?
The pictures that are thick ... not what I asked him to explain
We are consulting with the ministers and the military

Mistake: "A patient is correct and you do not have to say every second word
Who think he's being put in with a Timmy. "

Rubinstein: "'' I move like Time ... not personally, just what you put in

To ...

Salvation: Yeshayahu Bryas I take a deep breath and continue ...
Was treated ...!

120 Rubinstein: "Everything I write you get is like hearing time ... insert
Please the two pictures and the piece he is holding
Consultations ... try to go up and keep the news up

A little while and then you go down but if you can be in the process
Disable

Salvation: "All right

2. Later on, Aloveich sent Yeshua another message from Chaya Rubinstein, in which Alovici asked

SELF YOU:

"I do not want to fight with Ilan, but he did not correct or preach
Nothing from the thickest and most delicate of the Ayalon paths at least
They will rise to the highest level ... *

Alubic: "Try to help him even though he does not deserve it. I do not mean wolf
I mean a grower who knows how to ask but usually it is one-sided ...
Can you even go to meet him without being despised?

Salvation: "A problem I think ... This is one of the stories in my mind that becomes known

The central one that has collapsed in his yard makes us lags
More than Israel today ... I put the pictures in one of the reports
His main text ... it should be enough ... I can not
Turn this into the main story ... The focus of this is
On the homepage of one of the 4 main news items, this is prime location
Half a million people cheated on it ... I'm with you believe me but
It is incumbent upon us to bring about rebellion in this system, and it will damage friends ...
I will preach the text

1. In the wake of the demands, a report was published in the same article below the main headline in Baylachai,
Whose title was a roof collapse in the prime minister's residence. The notice contained images of the roof that had been scratched
In the home.

 

2. On January 13, 2008, you and your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, bribed Rubinstein to appeal to Alovici and Yeshua
Complaining that Yewalaye did not publish pictures he had taken from the funeral of Arik Sharon, in which he had been stoned.
Alubiczi transmitted to salvation the following messages, which he received from Rubinstein:

Rubinstein (to salvation): "I am looking for you Please answer me, you must go up
A picture of the couple being offended if you do not want Loya Shelley

Hi

Alubich (to Yeshua): "Please come up at the main gate for a bit and update it
Who tells them "

Rubinstein: "Do me a favor at the speed of the couple's beautiful beauty, and update me

31 Please thank you ... //

Alubich: (to salvation): 'He will inform the wolf directly when it comes up ... He asks dead
Rise in thirty !!! how does it happen!! Shaul I get shouts
Please ... Ilan What's happening?

Salvation: "I went up with a taste and the first one put the picture into the article ... and already
Inserts it into the article instead of carrying the ark ... /

Alubici: "You'll update them

Yeshua (to Rubinstein): 'Everything in the care of the cutter is the picture you are going to wear
The first page is already in the article itself

Rubinstein: "Give me the link in my request

Salvation: "Come up to my head: (attach a link).

Rubinstein: "Hope you'll leave a little worry on the cover page ... What a story
Do me a favor that will dictate to the procedure any funeral events and so on
A picture of the couple.

+

3. Indeed, following the demand was replaced by a photo of the coffin of the head of the government, Sharon Zale, who is being carried by me
The generals of Tzahil, in your picture of you and your wife, Sara Netanyahu, from the funeral. About 20 minutes later he wrote
Rubinstein to Yeshua:

Rubinstein: "There is no picture, Shaul, do what you want. I surrender ... I'm sorry
Ilan ... There is no picture, Shaul will eat it
Ashdod ... * י

Salvation: "What are you talking about? I see the lysis

Rubinstein: "A picture they are sitting barely see. Look at what Wai did
There is no picture in my mind. I cut off the shouts of my heart

The Shmite
Yeshua: "'I will check if there is another picture ...
Salvation: (Lalovic): "They want another picture of me

Yeshuaat (to Rubinstein): "I wanted to look for another beautiful picture to be drawn
Salvation: (to Alovitz): "I'm trying to calm Ze'ev down
In panic.

4. A similar discourse continued until late at night. Following the demands, were introduced
For the article that hung at the funeral pictures of you and your wife from the funeral.

5. On January 26, 2014, an article was published in the New York Post entitled "Calling for a disclaimer:
Your son is his Norwegian wife. Following this Perseus, Rubinstein, under your guidance, turned to Lalovici and Yeshua
Demanding that he be informed. As a result of your demand, Alubici turned to salvation in order to make him deteriorate
She knew, and she was indeed descending into a marginal place on the site. At the same time, settled the next bush in the group
Watsap La Hui Chopis Alubici, Or Alovici, Amik Shorer and others:

Alubic: We're dumb, we need him for tomorrow to come to an end
To deepen them.

32 6

7

8

Light: So come on, get it right.
Od: Download the movie.
Alubic: It will be all soon.

The next day, Rubenstein turned to Alovici, under your guidance, and demanded that he prevent Perseus from knowing more
Related to your son. As a result of this demand, Alubici turned to salvation and instructed him to prevent the privatization:
"Ilan, will prevent this at all costs ... tomorrow he is supposed to sign the approval for my issue.

On April 8, 2014, a report was published in a prominent location on the Yawalaye site entitled: "Settlement: Claim
Against the Netanya family. As a result of the privatization, I asked Elovitz directly to remove the
The news. As a result of your demand, Alubici turned to salvation and ordered him to remove the oath:

.. Ze'ev wrote to me, too. I did not tell him the top
Call me directly.

For a short while the news was completely lost from the site.

On July 10, 2014, you contacted Lalovici, demanding that Yedioth be published on the Yuelaiye site. Following your request,
Alubitzi offered salvation to the news. To this end, salvation was in contact with Liran Dan
(Head of the Ministry of Public Health in the Ministry of Agriculture), who sent him a message: I will be given materials on the subject
Great Debate.

On the next day, Alubici turned to salvation and asked to make sure that your request was met:

Alovitch: You worry about what we talked about! You talked to Liran

Yeshua: "I spoke with L now everything in the treatment will soon be something strong
In my head ... you can tell him. L calls him to check dead
He wants it and then we'll go up ... except for an op-ed piece.

Alubic: '' The title is in accordance with the HU

Yeshua (Yinon Magal): "Yinon will call me now even if that means

She will come from the Queen of England

Yeshua (Alovitz): "Yes, I was constantly in contact with him ... There was some nonsense

And cleaned up.

Salvation: '' To raise something more positive

Alovic: "If possible."

Salvation: Matfly

Yeshua (Yinon Magal): "Give me a backup. You understand what's on the agenda."

Salvation: "Now go up to the beginning ... Update him to see what he is doing for YHWH.

Shaul: Okay.

3 9

.0

.1

2

3

4

5

On July 8, 2014, two days before the presidential elections, you asked Lalovici and asked him to do so
To publish a report on the legislation of the candidacy of Justice (ret.) Dalia Dorner to the presidency
State. The headline in Baywallay was then published in a news item that dealt with the elections
For the presidency. The subheading of the report reported that Dorner's chances of candidacy had increased.

On January 25, 2015, an article entitled "Workers' Testimonies Against Sara Netanyahu" was published in the Yewallahi
Exposed. To the Firus website, you contacted Elovitch and demanded that the news be revealed. In between, Pinhas Alovici
To salvation and ordered him to remove the article: "Take off immediately. This will prevent the approval of Yes ... I am killing
you''. The news was indeed removed.

You did not make do with the request to remove the negative information, and the following day, on January 26, 2015, you contacted
Lalovici and demanded that you publish in Baywallaay good news that would serve as a counterweight to Perseus
Which was published earlier by Yossi, regarding the conduct of the workers at the day care centers
This is a sermon from Aluvizi to publish the speech of the Israel-US committee that supported your decision to Naeus
Before the US Congress. As a result of your demand, a headline was published in Joelay's main headline
Titled "Israel's Ambassador to Washington:" Netanyahu has a moral obligation to come to the Congresi.

Bios 11.2.2015 instructed Tifetz to turn to Yeshua for his obligation to publish an article that examined the residence
And the President's Residence by the State Comptroller. Following your request, he turned to Lobitzi and Yeshua:

"You should come up with an article that is very important to my friend from Hungary Haggai Adores
Standard for checking dormitories by the State Comptroller - the Prime Minister's Residence and the Women's Residence

In the same vein, an article was published in Baywallay entitled: 'What is allowed in the residence of the prime minister?
The main argument expressed in the article was that it was impossible to criticize the conduct of the Ru'ayim Residence
Since no rules of conduct are regulated for the residence, and since there is no record of the manner in which my heads were conducted
Governments of Kedmis.

On January 21, 2015, an article entitled "Right-Handed Naphtali: Sarah told me to take
Gifts from the home in Jerusalem to the private home. After the news item, you turned to Lobitzi and demanded
Remove the news from the site. Following your demand, Dorreda informed Macos less conspicuously on the site
And then completely removed.

On January 7, 2015, ten days before the date of the elections, a rally was held in Rabin Square
The headline will be spelled not in Bibi. The Yewalhi site, like the other media organizations, Ravis, passed on
The rally is live. During the live broadcast from the rally, you asked Lobbizi to stop
The broadcast. At the same time, he instructed Tuf to turn to Aluvici and to help her to stop her
Broadcast. Following your inquiries, the Joelaye site stopped the live broadcast from the rally, while the rest
The media continued the broadcast. In light of the dissatisfaction expressed in your surroundings
For the General Assembly broadcast in Yellowwall, even for a shorter time, he wrote a letter to save the Hadris Harris:

4 6

7

 

"Nir, I got on my head from my butt. We can not live alone
It does not broadcast on all channels and on all sites. However, as stated at 21:00
The live broadcast was interrupted before everyone else, immediately elevated your comments and title already
My appointment. For Grossman's support interview I gave the first day and do dozens more
Things I downloaded this week completely in the weekend magazine that included a story about Manny

I work around the clock and end up grabbing. It's impossible not to report as if you did not
Give us no crumbs. No one supports him as a change

Bios 11.3.2015 Granting an interview to the Yuevalay site after a long period in which you did not take the tool
Media. The interviewer was Dov Gilchar. At the end of the interview, you worked the room with a pen, and got in touch
Aloubi, "rebuked him for conducting the interview and even demanded that the interview be re-conducted. At the same time, began
He wanted to conduct a conversation with As-Alubizi and rescue the dishes to prevent the broadcast of the interview. Following your request,
Alubitzi and Yeshua promised not to broadcast the interview without your approval, and even offered to accept it
Interview the panel and broadcast it according to your comments. Indeed, for two days the interview was not broadcast on the site
Yevualhi, though it was a Perseus of high news value, which Haddis could have
Perseus interviews in other media outlets and despite the fact that interviews you gave to the media
After the interview with Yewalhi, they began to talk.

In accordance with the proposal of Alouvich and Yeshua, the interview was transferred to an object in the theater, and the two of you chose
What sections to edit and omit from the interview before being broadcast. Hefetz asked Yeshua not to tell about
This is how the website editor, interviewer or anyone else:

Salvation: "Do not tell my father or Dubbik anything !!!! You have not received the material
Never! watch out!

Hafetz: "Obviously ... if his sister ever says something - we will coordinate
Answer''.

Yeshua: 'Send me the comment already !!! There is a lot of damp here and in the end it is
It'll be gone without the Tikvoy

He said: 'Send ... Ilan who will not break up, you said that he will not be broadcast ... Wait a bit.'

Salvation: "I will not broadcast, but please send me my comment

He said: "At 3:08, out (cut out) from the words of Gilhar

"Or there is another possibility." We return to the interview at 5:09
Sagilhar says: "Only yesterday the data were published ..." that is, until
Here we took the block from 3:08 until 5:09 pm ... another block
Take out: From 5:17 to 5:24... That is, cross cuts
From the words of Gilhar, it is completely the government that is. " These words
Stay outside. 5:17 ... and return ('' in '') to Bibi's words
"Remember one important thing." 5:24
The Sophie

.Hand

Yeshua: 'Yanir sent you Sophie to the gmail ... which I want to raise ...
Nir Asher Leigh

5 8. Later on, Gus Alovici joined Shas on the subject of the interview, and even sent messages to Yeshua
Which he received from Tapa:

Alubic: = Shaul wants what he asked for - or will not be broadcast ...

Salvation: "It will not be broadcast unless we change everything you asked for ... the metaphor
We are about to leave asking you to confirm upload after editing we have done with
All the positive headlines The port of the story will damage the throne a thousand times ...
The Marker Call Me News 10 This is the outside you do
Wrong let me put it up

Finally, the interview is scheduled for January 13, 2015, after his editing.

9. On March 14, 2015, after you called for an article reflecting concern about the election results,
"There was a news item in the New York Times under the headline:" Netanyahu is under pressure from the takers. Makeover 1
This is definitely a real danger. " In the wake of the publication, and since the wording of the title did not hesitate
Your will, he turned to salvation and asked him to change the title:

Heftz: "'Pay attention to the headline: Netanyahu is not

Salvation: "A therapist ... I thought that was what you wanted to push voters
Yours truly

"There is no one to do this after everything that is swimming: Aviz

Salvation: "On the contrary, he answered my request and whispered it with me
The message sent by the hobbit is from the right

Hetz: "I did not understand, you asked for Netanyahu to write in Balah
From Scratch

Yeshua: "What did not understand their request to emphasize the section that calls for right-wing voters
To come to vote, that's what she was busy with ... I wish I had an unnecessary crisis
Can not edit every minute and every word your goal is achieved
And Tamila Balah came along with the word from the surveys ... I'll tell Hess
Switch to the worried ... I let change to the worried already asleep

Shampoo: 'pressed it's negative we'll take care of what it said like that it was a daily life!
The cutter

Salvation: It is not morning that you came to your request and slept for Mudaji.

Following the demand, the headline was changed.

On January 15, 2015, before the day of the elections, a rally was held for the Haimin parties in Rabio Square.
Benny Hazog and Elovitch ordered salvation to ensure that Yewalayaye broadcast the rally on television. Additionally
The live broadcast, YWLHaye, issued messages to about one million people in order to broadcast or watch the broadcast
The Assembly. The Oug Alovici brothers instructed Yeshua to update Heftsz and Rubinstein about the extensive coverage
That the rally had been given to other news sites by Baywallay Bay to keep you informed. Indeed, the doctor
Please let us know about the upcoming coverage of the Assembly in Java. The coverage of this rally was of great importance
In your opinion, because of the juxtaposition of the event to the voting in the polls.

56 1. On March 16, 2015, in the late evening hours, you and Tufc and Rubinstein married you
To appeal to Elobic and to ask for an interview with Yempunki on the morning of the election. Additionally,
Later in the evening you turned to Lobitzi and even instructed Tapuz to contact Alovici and Yeshua in demand of Peres

In the main headline in the Beewallaay Daviris that you said in response to the cancellation of the rotation tactic between Isaac
Herzog to Tzipi Lavanel:

Alovitch: "Please again: ask Malovic for a good and pampering interview in the morning
The election will be flown Tuesday morning !!!! Urgent we'll arrange it ... from her

To Ze'ev ... Nir will call you, they will run a caressing and pampering interview with an interviewer
Ohh.

Yeshua: "I spoke with him and I closed Bibi up before Tzipi and Bozi and afterward
Acceptable.
Aloubi: 'Who will interview and how he promised sympathy. She gave it to him in his head
Nahmias' interview. Ze'ev told her that I was not living in the picture
She chewed on Neri.

2 The next morning, on the same day of the election, another interview was published in Baywallay
First of all, under the caption: It was answered in an interview with the wail: Tzipi holding Herzog in the throat. In an interview
It also included your reaction to the cancellation of the rotation agreement, in defiance of your demand.

3. Later on, I instructed Hafiz to transfer to Aluvizi and Yeshua a video that you personally edited
During the elections, warning that the right-wing government was in danger because of a mass movement of Arabs
Israel to the polls and called on right-wing voters to go out and vote for the Likud and even motivate others to do so
so. Subsequently, Alovic put down the salvation to publish the video, which was posted in the title
The headline of Yewalaye under the caption: Netanyahu in Tarton: "The Arabs are moving in huge quantities
Al Khalafey. The video was left in the main title for hours. Soon after
The publication was written for salvation:

"I showed Bibi what was in Genesis - from Butti

It should be noted that the publication of such a video on television was contrary to the laws of the Megapolis Perseus
Propaganda on radio or television. This limitation does not apply at the time on Persus on the Internet.

4. On March 26, 2015, you and your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, wished to turn to Yeshua for help
Post a news item about a post you posted on your Facebook page, where you supported your wife and introduced
Worked. The post is published against the background of the legal proceedings that dealt with Meni Naftali's claim.
As a result of your request, a report was published in Baywallay under the headline:
Look at what my wife did.

5. On 10.5.2015, a conversation was held between Hafetz and your son, Yair Netanyahu, on publications
Who dealt with personal matters of Yair Netanyahu. Following the reports about him, Yair Netanyahu called
And ordered him to turn to Javellayay to remove the publication. Tefetz updated Yair

17 6

7

8

Netanyahu because he passed on the demand for salvation. In response, Yaykh Netanyahu instructed him to contact him directly
To Alavi. They also discussed the possibility that Yair Netanyahu would call Alovici himself. Then

Yair Netanyahu also demanded that the Yida-Merceray site be instructed to forgo similar publications, and in response
The doctor replied:

"Her hand-Marker is not Shaul, they are not afraid of you ..." Hess does not count anyone,
Not a prime minister or a son of a prime minister. "

After a conversation, a tripartite conference call was held with your participation, with participation by Yair and Yair

Netanyahu. In the conversation, Gu is forced to hear that Alubici is arguing and did not respond to the request
By using the download knowledge:

Netanyahu: You have to deal with two things, one is Alowitz, so why did not you say that?
To me that he did not do anything, that he refused you to take it off?

Hezetz: They argue ...

Netanyahu: Who is arguing? He argues!

Hafetz: Listen.

Netanyahu: How are you not coming back to me?

Hafetz: Listen, I also spoke to him and I also spoke with ... He said this to me,

Did you know? I forgot to tell you.

Netanyahu: How do you leave such a thing? Alhite, you know,
I was sure you'd downloaded it or at least.

On July 8, 2015, a worker on your behalf and the baggage of your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, sent a tip to Yeshua, which dealt with it
In the ceremony, a training center for the fire extinguishing services in Nahariya will take place, with Sara in Netanya. Hefetz Darsch
To provide exposure to the information attached, and even attached a large number of photographs. After being updated
Alubitzi turned to the Redeemer and said, "Give the lady all that is possible." That one is committing suicide
For me. This was said very soon after you approved the Bezeq Yes deal.

Bous 29.7.2015 A public announcement that following the ruling in Giza, the government will destroy Betis.
At the same time, you announced your decision to expand construction in Jerusalem and Beit El. That day evolved
A confrontation between you and Minister Uri Ariel, which published a statement stating that your decision stemmed from an ultimatum
Placed by you. As a result, you approached Lobbizi and asked him to publish a report in the Baywallay
Which will deal with Uri Ariel's fictional Bialystok. Following your demand for the Alubici discount
Salvation to comply with the demand and publish the report. To the site that the publication of the news in Binawalei was delayed,
A telephone conversation took place between Alubici, Iris Alovici and Yeshua, during which Alubici explained
To the rescue that your demands should be granted to Beauch, who filed a petition to the court in that case
To implement the wholesale market reform, and Bezeq's regulatory arbitrage is much more important
May - the special gift that will be published for reporters in Baywallay:

1: 'You do not understand that our society does not ... that there are more things ... like I told you there
Made in front of a hundred tons. The island has their own amenities in front of the bejachi.

9. The following day, a news item was published in Baywallay, entitled "Elkin against Ariel:" Put an ultimatum

.0

.1

2

After Netanyahu's announcement of construction at Beit Eli. Yeshua updated the Alovic couple, and even the

Your Innovator Shay Chaik. This was after the sons of Hazog Alovici asked him to update Shay Haik about the incident
To update you.

On 6 August 2015, Shafaf turned to Yeshua, under your guidance, and demanded that he publish statements against President Rivlin.
This demand related to what President Rivlin said about the various publications that presented you
And him in SS uniform. The following is the version of the Debaris that the Pleasure of Pleasure demanded:

"A senior Likud official said this evening:" It's hard to understand what Rubi Ravlin is
Whining. We have not heard a single word from him about the masking campaign against the head
Government. We did not hear him condemn the pictures in which he was shown
Netanyahu in Nazi uniform.

The following day, a report was published in the New York Times titled "A senior Likud official close to Netanyahu: No
You understand what Rivlin is whining about. "

On August 19, 2015, following your demand through Rubinstein, Alubic turned to Yeshua at 1:10
At night, he asked to publish two reports, one about Manzay Friedman, who had immigrated to Israel following Shita
Who lived with him when you visited the United States a year ago, when you told him that his place in Israel;
And a nod to the presence of your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, in a performance of the words of Maria Carrie, and of a brief encounter
Before you start it:

Alovitz: Ilan, Ze'ev will judge me and ask you to bring up both articles
One on her and one on him. He said all the material was sent to you. Do
As best you can.

Alobi: You can help with Ze'ev's wishes!

Salvation: Of course I will. On the morning.

Alubi: ... Once again we find ourselves trailing behind the rest. And this
We have an interest and a lot to lose ... You understand the importance
The petition to keep them from Rozit at this time! We have requests
Much to correct part of the wrong done, as long as there is a discussion in Beijing on -
1.9

Salvation: Of course I take care of all the requests every day ... I promise he'll be in trouble.

Alubic: We'll talk when I get back, but keep things for now. There is a meeting
It is very important to discuss most of the issues on Sunday.

3. Later on, the two reports were published in the New York Times as you requested. And so wrote Yemuelai's editor,

Avi Alkalai, for salvation shortly before publication:

39 4

5

6

7

8

9

'The story will rise as Kit' tells it in less than an hour ... The real story
Of Mendy Friedman, what is surprising, completely different from the version of Kim: neither book nor
I'm no less sure you understand the hardware
Of inventing journalist stories at the teaching of Heschelon. More good for all of me

Bius 19.9.2015 approached Lalovici and demanded that he publish a negative report dealing with the Naftali men.
As a result of your demand, Elubitzi gave his salvation to publish the news, and later Hoyus was published
In Baywallay, a report alleging that Manny Naftali's claim was intended to cover gambling charges. near
To cross you turned to Elovitz again and expressed your satisfaction with the news.

Bius 23.9.2015 instructed Tifetz to turn to salvation and to demand that he publish a report on the issue of aggravating it
Punishment for stone throwers. You also requested that the headline of the report include your words and focus on this
That this is your initiative. This is against the background of your concern that Minister Ayelet Shaked wants to attribute to herself
The offer. Following your request, Walla posted an article entitled: "The Cabinet Confirmed
The plan initiated by Netanyahu for the intensification of punishment for the stone throwers.

On January 10, 2006, a major headline was published in Baywallay: "Manny's petition was accepted
Naftali against the soup kitchen. Will be compensated by 170,000 shekels. Following the Perseus turn to Alubici
And you demanded that chastity be removed. During the lousy, Apovichi turned to salvation and let him roll the news:

Alubitz: "Ilan, calm down ... continue to deteriorate quickly ... or change the content
Laughter //

Salvation: "A retrograde

Alubic: Do not move ... keep it going bad

My phone rang.

Within a short time Dorreda informed Makos less conspicuously at the site and later was even completely removed.
Later on, you and your wife gave you the opportunity to turn to Aluvizi and Yeshua with the demand to publish the book
Reactions to the judgment. "The lady asked him to appear big ... you did not
Imagine the dance of demons. "

Which was to locate the correspondence between Tifetz and Yeshuach Dordra, the main headline in the Yoveli. On that day,
Which was Naftali wins a lawsuit for a less conspicuous Mikus on the home page of the site; And passing
Another article disappeared completely from the shelf of a barrel. In the evening she appeared in a prominent place in the site
A headline titled: The harsh decision will be exacerbated. The Netanyahu family insists: "I will live in the home
Hasay. The next day, a headline appeared on the site: "The Netanyahu family:

The treatment is excellent and humane.

Beaus 17.2.2016 You and your wife will have the opportunity to turn to salvation with the demand to publish Perseus
A continuation of a report published in Maariv that dealt with a complaint filed against Manny Naftali for harassment

'Which is a nickname that can be intercepted by the Yewolai people after Kim Jong Un, a North Korean leader.

10 .0

.1

2

Sexual activity of a former employee at the Ruhama Institute. Your wife even addressed Iris Alovici directly
To publish an opinion on the matter, and Iris Alubzi forwarded the correspondence to salvation for its purpose:

"Iris Yakada, I learned at these moments even that you are not giving a hand to the truth !!
Even Galach and Channel 2 and Israel Radio interviewed Tzvia's lawyer, the housekeeper
Who filed a suit for sexual harassment and indecent acts that Naftali did to her at the time
Who worked for us at home !!! In our bedroom !! This is an earthquake that is the approach
A police complaint nine months ago and the police buried it !!! It's a story
Huge! Afros Communications will be silent! But how many did I interview as I wrote !!! you
Still silent !! Why!!! After all, this is a despicable act that the police did to bring down
Prime Minister ... How can you not complain about the complaint about sexual Tuda and bury
It's too bad that they do not exaggerate in the fairness of the media: interviewing
The lawyer of the maid, and maybe Yossi Cohen! It's a huge story! In every country
Normal brother would have happened such a thing. The Minister of Police would resign! You see time
How do you ignore justice? I wish I had you!

As a result of your demand, the Alovici couple began to press for salvation in order to spread information
Adapt to your demand. It was agreed between Iris Alubitzi and the salvation that Yavoda "" will publish the words of
The complainant's lawyer for being examined on a polygraph test and a spokeswoman for the truth.

The following day, an article was published in a prominent place in Yewalhai entitled: '' The complainant's lawyer
Against Mani Naftali: "She was found to be telling the truth on the polygraph, Iris Alovici updated her wife
Sarah Netanyahu in advertising. After the news item was published, Iris Alovitch and Yeshua fought and hesitated
We need to continue and correct the publication in order to satisfy the wishes of your wife, Rabbi Netanyahu:

Irit Alovic: Look then you'll be smarter than them. we...
Listen, we promised something, let's stand up to it.

Ilan Yeshua: No. I do not want to go down and edit it. No
Come on, come on.

Iris Alubici: No, okay, but I say to ...

Ilan Yeshua: We promised something they gave her knowledge. Come on, what's left is better
From the video ... well, I'm ante. Do not promise to dampen you
It.

Iris Alovic: Nothing promises ... I'm how I see the hex

And I walk under the table ... I'm in a position like Fitz.

Bios 2.3.2016 instructed the applicant to request permission to publish a report on the company's request
MK Sharan Haskel to Yavneish, demanding that Meni Naftali be investigated for a complaint against him
Sexual harassment. As a result of your request, a report was published that day in New York, titled: "Jewish."
Yawmish: "To investigate the conduct of the police in the interrogation of Mani Naftali.

41 3. Bios 22.3.2016 Addressed to the Ipeak Conference in Washington. At the same time Alubitzi assumed salvation
Make sure that Yewalayeay is delivering your speech on the air. He then reported to the Alovici couple
On the broadcast, and the parties are talking about the need to update you by uploading the naos to the site:

4

5

6

7

Salvation: broadcast live in full.

Iris Alubic: A canal, you are currently without me. :

Yeshua: The speech is already being presented in full, with a simultaneous penning of

Dubik.

Iris Alovici: Take care personally, we are all in war ... pass on and make sure
Let him show him.

On 23.5.2016, he instructed Tafetz to turn to Yeshua with a demand to publish a continuation Persus concerning Yedioth
Who were accused of libeling the State Comptroller in the Yevsevy-Torcy affair, which was expected to be unfolded the next day.
You have written the message yourself. The next day, Bius Perseus was appointed comptroller

A report entitled "Netanyahu on the State Comptroller's Report:" Gormis in the media is trying to hurt
In the Likud.

On July 6, 2016, Tuff instructed Tifaf to turn to Yeshua for a request to attack television personality Assaf
Harel, because of his disobedience to his brother, and in the framework of a critical skit that was broadcast on his program,
On the television. As a result of this demand, Elovitch instructed Yeshua to publish appropriate information on the site.
The next day, when the article Tert came up, Alovici returned to salvation: "Do not forget Assaf the Raleigh.
Yeshua answered: "Yila, I forgot that my father is preparing a piece of information, but one has to see how to make it wise
Which was not perceived as a Pravdehy. On that same day, a news item was posted in the New York Times entitled: "The video that kicked off
The surfers: In the name of hatred of Netanyahu, it is permissible to desecrate Yoni's memory.

On November 15, 2006, you decided to turn to Yeshua with a demand to publish in full your response
The full report, which appeared in the Jodhudi plan regarding the claims of a former employee at the Ruhamaim office,
Vered Tweed, a comment that was not broadcast in full on the show. The response was written by you. Alovici
Asked Yeshua to emphasize in the article the reaction, not the claims of the interrogation. The Javanese writers thought
That this request is problematic and even made this clear to Yeshua:

Salvation: There is a click on the title Can Genesis begin with a reaction !?

Michal: Everyone includes everyone with the title of the applicant ... Winette, 2, Harf.
Gera was very bad.

Aviras: We look like Israel today exactly.

Following your request, a report was published in Baywalla, which mostly included your response to Perseus.

On November 27, 2006, Ran Bartz, head of the Information Branch at your office, turned to salvation
Please publish a report containing remarks you made at government meetings regarding the looting of civilian life
Which were damaged as a result of the ignition wave that hit the Haifa area. Following the request, a report was published in the Beowlai
Whose headline included your words from the cabinet meeting: "We will silence the lives of civilians in Qazhay. salvation
Informed the Gog Alovici that the article had been published:

42 8

9

 

Salvation: "was raised at the request of Ran ... He thanked me.
Iris Alubic: "What is important is that Nir and Ran know and pass on to their bosit

They have an excellent drink ... they try to do their best
We were able to father the mother and son. '

The unusual foothold that was given to you and to your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, on the Yewuelay website is also expressed
The possibility that you have been given, during the relevant period, a position regarding the approval
Disqualification of candidates for positions of paperwork and reporters on the site. The Alovici couple's inquiries
In this regard, you came against the background of complaints that you and your wife, Sarah Netanyahu, addressed to my son

Alubici regarding editors or reporters on the site. As a result of your position, no number has been appointed
Candidates to serve as a pocket or magazine on the site.

From January 2017 onwards, against the background of your concern and your immediate surroundings from an anticipated investigation, such as
The concern of the Alovici couple for such an investigation also has a significant impact on the frequency of contact between you and me
Your wife, Sara Netanyahu, and the Alovici couple, and the demands of the coverage have been almost completely broken.

The cunning - government actions you made in exchange for the gift

0

.1

2

3

As noted above, during the period relevant to the tests, a system was developed between you and Aluvici
And at the same time that you demanded and received from the Elovici couple the letter of death, and in Tas
To Alovici's expectations, you have consistently dealt with the politicizing affairs of Alubiczi's business. within
An order, the exercise of your power and your powers as a senior public servant in order to promote a relevant issue
To Alovici's tattoos and to his economic interests and that of the Bezeq Group, while leading officials
You are required to act in the usual manner.

All the governmental actions listed below are done while you know that the benefits
Given to you and your wife by the sons of Zog alovici have been given to you in favor of a formal act in your position and position
And to continue to take favors from the Alovici couple. As part of your actions
You acted in a conflict of interests, exercising governmental powers while weighing relevant considerations
For your personal benefit and for your family's sake, you have brought about the corruption of public servants who are subject to your rule and will
From the line.

At an unknown date, during the relevant period, during the tenure of Minister Gilad Erdan
The media in your government, between March 2013 and November 2014, turned to him and asked him a question
He is attentive to the Bezeq Group's claims regarding the wholesale market reform. During the period
This was promoted by the Ministry of Communications headed by Minister Erdan and the implementation of the market reform
The wholesale versus Bezeq's fierce opposition,

January 28, 2014 After you and your wife have transplanted, during the year preceding that date, requirements
A great deal of coverage for the Alovici couple regarding you and your family, as described above, and even
Simultaneously with the requirements that you submitted in this letter, you signed a permit to pledge the controlling shares
In Bezeq, which was required for the execution of the issuance of bonds by B-Kos under its control
Alovici. Your signature on the bonding permit required the beatings of the Communications Law (Bezeq and Broadcasts), Tshmayev

+3 4

5

.86

7

8

- 1982, without which it would not have been possible to make the IPO, which was of great economic importance
To the group of companies controlled by Alovici.

August 14, 2014, after the transfer, you and your wife, for a year and a half, many coverage requirements
Relating to you and your family to the Alovic family, as described above, and even in parallel with the requirements
Which you transferred on the very same day, you signed a permit to transfer control of a subsidiary company of Yuevala,
Which operated the Internet sales site. The signing of the permit to transfer control
Has allowed the completion of the hand-clasped sale? From the Bezeq Group to a German communications corporation, in consideration
To a total of 800 million Sheik that was injected into the coffers of the Bezeq group controlled by Alovici. At times
Prior to your signing of the transfer of control in Hand 2, Alovici was in contact with you and Iss Gormis
In your area in order to expedite your signature on the required permit. Then Alubici stood in touch
Your people and people are working in your environment to stamp and stamp the signature of Minister Erdan, Minister
The media at the time, which was also required for approval of the transaction. Approval of employment in an accelerated manner
Was of great importance to Alubic and the Bock group, since delays in the granting of regulatory approval were liable
Was to make the German buyer withdraw from the deal.

17.11.2014, following the resignation of the Minister of Labor, Gideon Sa'ar
To transfer Minister Erdan from his position as Minister of Communications and to appoint him as Minister of the Interior in your government, and you
You began to serve as Minister of Communications at the same time as your Prime Minister.

Your decision not to extend Arden's tenure at the Communications Office was made despite the request of Cher
Arden to stay in this position until at least until the completion of the Hendrichis coup
The wholesale market reform, which was destined to harm Bukh and Alovici. At the time of the Smokhite before
This decision was passed on to you by Aloveitch Bethesch's complaints about Erdan's conduct
Against the Bezeq Group, and Alovitch's opposition to Ardan continuing to serve as Minister of Communications.

Beut 28.11.2014, right next to the site of your tenure as Minister of Communications, you met Alovici,
To Alubzi's requests and to the mediation of Tavtz, in your official residence. The purpose of the session was to introduce you to the
Alovitzi's need to approve the BOX-YES transaction in the short and short tables, in view of the expected date
The approval of the Antitrust Commissioner for this transaction would have expired. Even before the meeting, I'll introduce you
Sought the approval of the Antitrust Commissioner for the deal, as he was informed by Alovici,
And passed on to you the request of Alubici to meet you to discuss this matter. You've landed your office
To escalate the meeting with Alubici on the matter of immediate approval of the deal. Later on, you meet As
Aluvizi at your residence at 4 Aenees, after you landed the object to put Alubici in your office
In a manner that does not reveal his affiliation with the gurmis of sites that were present at the residence at that time.

On January 9, 2014, after the date of the dissolution of the Knesset, and during the election period, she sexually abused Eitan
Tzafrir as head of the Ministry of Communications' headquarters. In this context, Zafrir acted in accordance with his positions vis-a-vis
The professional gurmis at the Ministry of Communications. As Tsafrir entered the post, you summoned Mankhil
The Ministry of Communications, Avi Berger, to your office, and instructed him to act in a defiant manner
Tsafrir. In the Bezeq-Yes deal, Berger led a professional position according to which approval must be made
The transaction with the consent of the Bezeq Group to Kidus The wholesale market reform. This position brought about

44 9

.0

.1

2

3

To the great resentment of Alovic, and Alovici's complaints about Berger's conduct were passed on to you
Through the doctor. In addition, the Alovici couple presented to you and your wife the complaints about them
To the conduct of the Ministry of Communications towards Bock in the framework of a joint dinner that she had eaten
Bios 20.1.2015.

After his appointment, Tzafrir turned several times to Berger and instructed him to take action at Kidus
Approval of the Bezeq-Yes transaction. Despite Tsafrir's instructions, Berger insisted on his professional position
The transaction may not be approved without its binding in the Tannais, in accordance with its position. Tzafrir turned to the subject
This is in the wake of your guidance, which is difficult for Haran, the deputy minister of economics at the Ministry of Communications (hereinafter:
Yilbuthi), which dealt with the professional aspects of the approval of the transaction.

In accordance with your instructions, Tsafrir, together with your bureau chief, David Sharan, acted to get the recommendation
The Cable and Satellite Council (hereinafter: "the Jerusalem Municipality") for the approval of the Bezeq-Yes transaction. Under the terms of the license
Which was granted to YES, the recommendation of the ISBB was a conscious stage before receiving a decision by you
Approval of the transaction. At a time unknown at the end of 2015, you asked Sharan and instructed him to check
Why is the confirmation of Bezeq-Yes's concern delayed in order to advance the approval of the transaction in Tas
At the request of Alovici. Sharan turned to Asaf Tsafrir Loyer, and asked her how it was possible to hoodwink you
Receipts of the Council's recommendation. To a website that it was understood that a letter of appeal was required for the purpose of promoting the Board's recommendation
Zafrir and Sheran acted on the letter, and you signed it on March 24, 2015.
As a result of the transfer of your letter, the Council began the process of examining the transaction in order to formulate its recommendation.

On 17.5.2015, with the establishment of the new government in your head, in which you continued to serve as Minister of Communications,
A notice to Berger in a telephone conversation about his dismissal. As mentioned, at that time you knew about Alubiczi's complaints
With regard to Berger, and Alovici's desire that Berger not continue in his office, among other things
His professional position on the issue of the approval of the Bezeq-Yes and Kidus transactions is a minor one
Aluvici liked it. Soon after, you decided to appoint your mistress, Philbert, who was
Lacking professional knowledge in the communications field, to the Ministry of Communications, instead of Berger. His appointment
Pilber's happiness was confirmed by the government in Buenos Aires on 7.6.2015.

On an unknown date, and very shortly after Philbur's appointment was confirmed, and Filbert was appointed to the meeting
In your office. At this meeting, you told Filber that Aluvici had complained to you about the way the ministry handled it
On a number of issues relating to his files, and instructed Filber to act in the framework of his position as the ministry's director
To these Kedus Tobias to the satisfaction of Alovici (Here is my consolation meeting).

In the framework of the meeting, Horet gave Horror a chance to approve the Bezeq-Yes deal as soon as possible
Getting into your awareness of Alubitzi's needs in approving the transaction in the timeframe required by me
Alubic, Kerry to Lius 23.6.2015. He also instructed Pilber to moderate the decline in the price tag
Wholesale repair reform. In other words, to justify the price that Bezeq can charge for Matan
Access to infrastructure within the framework of the wholesale market reform will be higher than those formulated
In the past in the Ministry of Communications, in a manner that benefits the Bezeq Group. In addition, during the meeting
Asper Filber concluded that as future claims regarding the settlement of Filber vis-à-vis the Bezeq Group,
The answer would be that Spieler was acting on the basis of the government's approval. This, though

+5 4

5

6

7

8

Filber's actions in defiance of your stipulation were not intended to continue the policy of Kahlon, but rather to advance
The affairs of Alovici and the Bezeq group.

As a result of the meeting, and immediately thereafter, Filbert began to act as soon as possible to bring
For the approval of the BOX transaction at the earliest possible date. Filber worked with the professionals
At the Ministry of Communications for Kidos granting approval of the transaction. Until about a week before the deal was approved, they held
The Ministry of Communications' professional gurmim, and, in the first instance, the position that it should be conditioned
The certificate in Kidus reformon the wholesale market. Due to your nodding, Molles Filber acted intensively
And showed that he intends to change the ministry's policy regarding the approval, without revealing it
That they are working to do well with Aluvizi, who is tired of giving you up and not because of his professional position.
As a result of Pilber's position as a mentor, the professional bodies removed the objections
To approve the transaction without Thaneis.

At the same time, and for the purpose of establishing the settlements, Case Filber, a secret communications channel, was responsible for Alovitch and others
And in relation to Eli Kamir, who served as a consultant to the Buk Group (hereinafter: "Yakimi").
As part of the channel, Filber provided Bezeq with internal information on the progress of the approval of the transaction. People
Bezeq transferred to Pelephone the requirements for the approval of the transaction, and they insisted on this
That the transaction be approved without any material conditions. Philbert acted in defiance of the demands of the Bok men, and even brought
To this effect, the approval of the transaction was omitted, a clause relating to the ability of the Ministry of Communications to take action against it was omitted
In enforcement measures in connection with the exercise of an option to acquire a small percentage of shares
Yes, which Bok did at the time without asking permission. This clause was necessary for the Gormis position
And the Ministry's legal advisor. Philbert concealed the existence of
The direct communications channel was staffed by the professional gurus at the Ministry of Communications.

Philber has made it clear to professionals in the Ministry of Communications and the Cable and Satellite Council that he is a lieutenant
The approval of the Bezeq-Yes transaction in defiance of your personality and your desire. Filber, on the other hand, brought about a change
Formulation of the recommendation of the Cable and Satellite Council was carried out in an accelerated manner in order to comply with the Regulations
Hendrish to Alubczy.

On June 23, 2015, you were given the recommendation of the Satellite Council and the documents for approval of the transaction,
In addition, you signed the Yes transaction, while you know that the approval of the transaction was pre-approved

| By Pilber, according to your guidance, in order to benefit Alovec and Assas to the expectations of Alovici.

All of your conduct described above, which was designed to obscure Elovitz's desire for quick approval by the court
The transaction was unconditional, which was in stark contrast to the position held by the professionals
In the Ministry of Communications for a long time, was made in exchange for the benefits the Alovici couple had given
To you, in which they have long responded to the demands of the unusual coverage of you and your wife, and in order
Who will continue to respond to the unusual coverage requirements that will be covered in the future.

46 9

.0

.1

2

Immediately after your signature on the certificate, the transaction was completed and, as a result, was distributed
An amount of about 680 million Sheikh from Bezeq to the Eurocos group controlled by Alovitch. These spice
Were used by Aluvici and Eurocos to repay the Group's debts to Bankis. At a later date,
In accordance with the terms of the transaction, and as a result of your approval by you, you are paid by BOC to Eurocom Finance
In addition to an additional total of approximately 300 million Sheik, during the 2016 and 2017 years.

Alubici was aware that your actions to promote the approval of the Bezeq deal were made in connection with the good
The pleasure that you and your family have received from the Oug Alovici. For example, in January 2015, at the time
That the request for approval of the transaction was awaiting the approval of the Ministry of Communications, when the date required for its receipt is derived
By virtue of a decision by the Commissioner of Restrictive Business Practices, which was due to expire in the near future in Meretz
5, Alubiczi wrote to salvation that he must forsake Perseus, who did not like Alex from Iwalthe
As this would lead to the failure of the transaction to be approved: it would be immediately renounced, this would prevent Yati's approval, and later on
The same Yos wrote to salvation that YHWG is looking for me, apparently wants a story that is a fake. "
Bigger was used to call you).

By virtue of your instruction, along with its actions to Kidus, the approval of the Buk-Yes transaction, and in a similar pattern to the above,
Pilber worked from the directive to promote Alovici's affairs at the Ministry of Communications as well
In other contexts. In this framework, during his entire tenure, Pilber served as the ministry's director general
Makayes, as noted, was a secret channel of representatives of Bok and Haberas Kamir. In addition, in this framework,
Philbur met with the Bock people at Bethany, the Private, and Atris Ehres from outside his office, without a presence
Gormit Ahris from the press office. Filber worked while hiding his contacts with senior Bock men
And creating a false representation of a proper stream. Philbert 's actions, which stemmed from
The general disposition you gave him at the directive meeting described above, killed radically
The expected conduct of a government ministry official, and reached a sharp deviation from the norm
Regarding the firm's handling of the Boak Group.

Filber's actions in accordance with your general instructions given in the call to assist Elovici
Both in connection with the Bezeq-Yes transaction and in connection with the security reform, encompassed the subject matter
The Beat:

A. | In accordance with the instructions you gave him in the guideline, Philber changed the pricing method of
The wholesale market reform in the telephony market is the preferred method for Bezeq, even though it is a method
The results were previously estimated by the Ministry of Communications' professional bodies. According to the method
Bezeq's competitors were allowed to connect themselves to the infrastructure themselves
Owned by Bezeq (for a fee), and then directly provide customers with telephony services.
Wired. According to the method adopted by Filber, preferred by Bezeq, was not given to competing companies
The possibility of connecting themselves to the infrastructure owned by Bezeq, and below it was determined that the companies
Bezeq's competitors will be able to engage directly with customers in order to provide service
Fixed telephony, which will be provided by BOC itself through the infrastructure it owns,
And in a reckoning between the company that is bowing to Bezeq itself. The method that Amal Filber had left behind
Bezeq has a foothold in the relationship between customer-to-customer and customer-to-customer connections

+7 3

4

5

6

Dependence on Bezeq in all matters relating to the operation and repair of infrastructure malfunctions, while the competitors are confused
Significantly in their marketing ability.

B. | Later, when there was a dispute between the Ministry of Communications and Bock regarding the method
The pricing to be determined for a solution piloted by Pilber, as well as the price to be determined by the method
In this year's pricing, the tax reformer, Issa Alovici, is reforming
To Bok's interest in forgetting to hold a monopoly position in this market.

In the spirit of your guidance, a coarse operative acted to delay the implementation of reciprocal reforms designed to oblige
Bock and Hut to allow reciprocal use of their infrastructure to increase competitiveness, after Schet
As-Alubizi on this delay. At a later stage, Filber also worked to persuade Minister Tzachi Hanegbi,
Appointed Minister of Communications following restrictions imposed on you in this matter, to oppose his initiative
Legislation that promoted reciprocal reform.

In addition and in the spirit of your guidance, Filber worked intensively to promote the elimination of structural separation
In the Bezeq Group to the satisfaction of Alovitz. The process was covertly carried out by Filber in secrecy
Cooperation with Bezeq employees, contrary to the positions of the professional bodies in the Ministry and without consulting
Ames, or with the legal advisor at the firm. Philbert's efforts to encapsulate the structural separation
In accordance with the interest of the Bezeq Group reached its peak at the end of 2016, when Biosos 22.12.2016 brought
Filber reported that an official letter from the Ministry of Communications had been sent to Bok, entitled "Abolition of Duty."
The structural separation of the Bezeq Group. In this letter Pilber included an inaccuracy and omissions details
A materialist concerned with the obligation to hear before the cancellation of the structural separation, which the legal counsel believed
Which were essential to the letter, and thus helped Bezeq to present the misleading presentation to the public
Structural separation is far more likely than the situation. Bezeq reported to the public
The investors on the transfer of the letter, and only after the intervention of senior officials in the advisory system
The Attorney General, Philbert's letter was amended after a few days, so that he was added to his duty
The hearing, and an amendment to the public's opinion. It should be noted that the structural separation was not canceled until this jubilation.

Alubici knew and understood that Filbert's actions and the manner in which his conduct changed the attitude of the ministry
The media to Elovitch and the Bezeq Group, are directly related to the benefits it gives you
By responding to the unusual coverage requirements of you and your family. Throughout this period,
During which you dismissed Berger, whose professional approach did not fit Alobiti's interstice,
She trained Philbert and told him to act in favor of Alovitz on milking issues in which he was a survivor
In a manner that changed the policy of the firm during Berger's time, and after the approval of the transaction
Bock is by you, Alovich hired you a favor for the extraordinary actions you did for him and ordered
Your salvation will reward you and make every effort to comply with your coverage requirements despite opposition
The fungus.

In July 2015, Alovici even expressed his frustration at Yeshua's frustration that you were working for him in the office
The media, while he is finding it hard to repay you because of the opposition of the reporters in Baywallay
Intervention in site content:

[58 Alobi: What's annoying is that the big one comes out of his skin to help us
We can not repay him because of a bunch of apses.

Salvation: In the end, we in this order only rise in blood ... it is possible
However, we will have to build a completely different system here
Dovik and not my father

Alobee \ /; The great surprise surprises me every day with the most important words.
Thieves have to find a way to repay him.

Salvation: Obviously I understand and committed to this sin will not run us ... Tofu
Of nothing we deliver goods but can be improved

ALOVIC: He deserves it and there is much more. I do not like to live.
He is a genius in Teder and changes all the old legacy.

7. Filber's described actions were carried out, as stated, in defiance of your instructions at the instruction meeting
Which was fulfilled immediately upon the beginning of his term, to Khatib Asulovici at the Ministry of Communications. During the period
Shevach served as Director-General of the Ministry of Communications, and worked for Kades the affairs of Alovici,
You called him several times to make sure that Bock matters are treated accordingly
For your guidance. Among other things, during that period you called Philber to scold him for not being
Dismissing one of the senior officials in the office, who was at the forefront of the ministry's dispute
On the subject of telephony reform prices. In addition, in the randomized version, Filber updated you
In his activity at the Ministry of Communications, and even asked for your approval of the steps he had taken to establish a foothold
Albuquerque Intertech. He also instructed Hank to turn to Philbert to make sure he was working
For Aluvizi, he hesitated to guide you.

The Bribery Offense - Summary

8 In doing as stated above, take the benefits listed above knowing you that you are taking
Bribery as a public employee for actions related to your position, knowing that the benefits specified
You have been given for actions related to your public functions and in return for the benefits
Activate your powers by utilizing your class and destroying the packets to perform actions that benefit Alubici
Significantly while deviating from the line.

Fraud and breach of ammonia

The ties between you and the Alovic couple and the political conflict created by you

9. Yachtayin 'Aalubizi during the relevant period, during which you served, as stated, as prime minister and partly
As a communications minister, you have developed fundamental links between you and Aluvici. And these things stood up
You were in a state of conflict of interest when you dealt with Alovitzi's affairs and the Bezeq Group.

9 .0

.1

2

3

4

5

6

As detailed above, between you and your wife and the Alovici couple there is an unusual relationship. This relationship was expressed
In a systematic and ongoing pattern of passing on intensive reporting requirements on your part and from your wife Sara
Netanyahu, and by granting a gift in the form of exceptional responsiveness to these demands by the Vug Alovici. Contact and

Created a substantial link between you and the Alovici couple, which deviated from a normal connection between a supervisor and a gurus
With governmental authority.

This affinity placed you in sharp contrast to the Alovici couple, for on the one hand, you are a force
Your public position, you had the authority to take decisions on the affairs of Alovitch and he depended
In order to promote its business interests and that of the Bezeq Group; And on the other hand, you and your wife
You demanded, directly and through Mathewchis, from him and Iris Alovici to divert the site's coverage
According to your personal, public and political needs and interests, while you are at your service
Aware of the fact that the Vog Alubitsi would be subjected to exceptional demands in the face of your status and your role
And in order to promote the interests of the people under your authority.

With this material liquefaction, there was a relationship between you and your wife and the Alovic couple
Personally, which she translated from mere acquaintance. As part of this personal relationship system, she meets Al-Ubizi
And you share the phone with him several times. The meetings and conversations between you and Alubici
Were devoted, among other things, to a discussion of the manner of your coverage, of your wife Sarah Netanyahu and the members of the family
On the Wallacei site, as well as a discussion of regulatory issues that were important to Elovitz and were available
Your governmental authority. Aluvizi also gives you a screenplay and requests relating to the issues
As defined above, by means of intermediaries.

On two other occasions, I would like to invite you and her wife, Sarah Netanyahu, to the Alovici couple
For evening dorms at the official residence in Balfour. Your wife and Iris Elovitch also spoke on the phone
And correspondence between them about the coverage of the Netanyahu family in Java.

In addition, in all three cases, you initiated various attempts to mediate between Gormit
Who are close to you and Alovitch, in order to buy the site from you. This, though
Alubic's reservations about the sale of the site.

The substantive connection that has been created between you and your wife and the Alovici couple in the field of coverage,
In itself, and certainly in joining the additional connections described above, put you in opposition
I will deal with the Alovici couple.

Government actions carried out in a sharp conflict of interest

Although you were aware of these poisons and the conflict of interest created for them, you acted, over a period of time
Your tenure as head of state and minister of communications, in the case of Bock and Alovici, sometimes even in deviation
From the secret, in a way that he lived in order to benefit the Alovitzis and the Bezeks.
Your actions were detailed in the chapter on the return of the Jews, and culminated in the actions taken by Kidus
Alovici's affair, among other things, is through public employees Tzafrir Saran and Filber. Your actions are these
The approval of the Bezeq-Yes deal yielded a profit of about one billion Sheikh to Aloucheb, while working to do so
With a deviation from the line.

0 7. Another aggravating aspect of your conduct and actions described above stems from your high status,
From the nature of the governmental actions that you have taken, from the fact that some of your actions have amounted to deviation from
The line is that the operation of a senior public official (Filber) in order to act to promote the
Alovici's goals, and he subsequently told professional grooms to subordinate him
And the previous professional, without knowing about the benefit to the good of al-Ubizi and the intensity of the Arab opposition
In which a given animal performs these actions.

8

9

.0

.1

12

3

In these actions there were also other aggravating aspects, including: the narrow, general value
That your actions have yielded to Lowicz; The fact that you hid the unusual relationship was with the Alovici couple
To be described; The implications of the extensive scope of regulatory actions in the communications field;

And the fact that the actions you performed were an acute deviation from the line.

Hiding the unusual relationship with the Alovici couple

During the relevant period, you have systematically hidden the system of links between you and Aloveich
And consistent with a series of official gurmis, including the attorney general and his representatives, criticizes
The State and its representatives, and the legal advisor to the Prime Minister's Office. During this period you even gave
These databases contain partial, misleading, and sometimes false information about the nature of your relations with Usalbushi.

Beos 17.5.2015, to the election site and the time you already served as Minister of Communications, sent to you
The State Comptroller's letter clarifies the obligations that apply to ministers regarding the disclosure of links and prevention
A conflict of interest and a questionnaire to identify the concern of a conflict of interests to be fulfilled. This questionnaire is avoided
He answered for months.

On 28.5.15, the State Comptroller turned to you again and noted that he had received complaints from him
To your political opposition to the media, in general, and especially to the Bezeq Group and to the suspicion
For your benevolent conduct towards Aluvici. The State Comptroller requested your response to this matter
And he added that as far as you have additional arguments regarding your position as Minister of Communications, you must specify.

The response to the questionnaire was sent by Shimron to the State Comptroller only on November 23, 2015, when he was about two months away
After the date on which it was transferred to you. As part of this response, you referred to your partner, Asher Shamron and his partner
Uydz Yatzyk Molho and Elihat only, and you hid the unusual relations between you and Aluvic, and you
The range of connections that exist between you. In your response to the State Comptroller's inquiries, you hide the fact
Despite these material ties, you dealt with the affairs of Bock and Alovici and worked to promote the interests of the Jews
Their interres- sion at the Ministry of Communications, while deviating from the norm and harnessing factors
Are improperly qualified for the promotion of such intertimes.

In addition, in the context of your contacts with representatives of the Attorney General's counsel who are responsible for this allocation (hereinafter:
Legal advice to the government) in order to formulate a conflict of interests in your field
The media, hid the information about the relationship between you and Alubitzi and the affinities
Which exist between you, even though these ties and the conflict of business resulting from them were known to you and were
Are very relevant to the conflict of interest arrangement that was formulated.

1 4

5

6

7

8

9

.0

On 27.10.2015, Attorney General Dau, the lawyer Yehuda Weinstein,
A conflict of interest arrangement that dealt with your relational system with the law firm of Shimron-Molcho
And if you are unable to handle the light of your set of handles, load it. In the conflict of interests arrangement
There is no mention of the relationship between you and Alovech and Lucas,
Even though these ties and the contrast of the politeness resulting from them were known to you.

Bouss 29.10.2015, Morse in the National newspaper will meet a reporter about your relations with Alubici
And the connection between Bins and the interests of Alovichuk in the Ministry of Communications. My friend followed
Knessets to the Attorney General.

In this context, the representatives of the Attorney General's office in Utah 2.11.2015 approached Shlomit Barnea-Fargo,
The legal advisor to the Ministry of Finance (hereafter: Yabrane-Paraguay), demanding information and explanations
About the Yachting system Asul Alubitzi, in order to address conflicts of interest, you are allowed to serve as a minister
Media. In this regard, it was made clear that your reference to your conversations is required by Yeshayahu or Aharisaey
Aluvizi and attached to it the above references and references.

At the address sent by Barnea-Fargo Biyos on 9.12.2015 to the representatives of the Attorney General with your approval
And for the first time, for the first time, you revealed the fact that you had been making friends with Abulbic for twenty years
Noah. This discovery is forced upon you, in light of the journalistic journalistic issue and in light of the individual's appeal
A representative of the legal counsel to you regarding your relationship with Alubic. Beside and you indicated that your decisions
In matters relating to Bock, the firm accepted the recommendations and instructions of the professional hierarchy
In the office.

On 23.2.2016, the Attorney General of the Attorney General sent another appeal to Barnea-Fargo for clarification
Tiv Kashrich As As Alovici. Following this appeal, Barnea-Fargo met with you on the basis of the information you provided
To which Barnea-Fargo submitted your approval and opinion, on 13.3.2016, an additional response to the request of the representatives of the party
The Attorney General.

In your aforesaid answers, which will be transmitted through Barnea-Fargo to representatives of the Attorney General's Office
It was only noted that you had been friends with Kate Alubic for twenty years, because Etts meet
With a frequency of one to several months, meetings of a social nature, and a conversation that takes place between you
And Alubic deals with contemporary matters. You also mentioned that your decisions in the business deal with Bezeq
Have been accepted by the SAS for recommendations and professional professional gradient in the office.

These answers, which were approved by you and forwarded on your behalf to representatives of the Attorney General's Office, were an answer
Partial, false, and misleading information to the questions addressed to you by you. First, even in Stage V, you continued
To conceal from Barnea-Fargo and representatives of the Attorney General the fact that between you and me
Alubici is connected to a trig in the coverage and your ongoing involvement in the purchase
Yewellai from him. Second, in contrast to the information you provided and as described above, the decisions you received in the framework
Your job as Minister of Communications was, at least in part, your categorization, which stemmed from your desire to do good business
Alubitzi, and not from the professional gurmis positions in the Ministry of Communications. In addition, your response is that
The discourse that exists between you and Alubitzi deals with my temporal affairs. It was also misleading

2 .1

7

3

4

The talks between you and Alubizi dealt with the coverage of you and your family in Yewalhi,
In your demands to divert the coverage of Baywatch, as well as in the subject matter relating to the Bezeq Group
With your governmental authority.

Get your response according to which you meet with Alubici one every few months to a year in social circumstances
Her disability did not reflect the frequency of meetings and the intensity and nature of the relationship between you and Alouvitch.
Among other things, you did not discover the existence of multiple phone calls between you and him
Alubitzi, and you did not even discover that the frequency of the meetings was more frequent than stated.

On 18.5.2016, as part of the process of formulating the business conflict arrangement led by the representatives of the consultation
The Attorney-General, your representative, Shimron, submitted an opinion to the representative of the Attorney General
A legal opinion shall be drawn up in opposition to the business of the Minister concerned with the matter concerning my acquaintances.
Even before preparing the legal opinion, you have concealed from your representative all the existing ties
Between you and Alovic, and you did not tell him about the system of coverage requirements and their compliance. On the basis of a platform
From this factual point of view, Meron expressed his position that you are entitled to continue and deal with the affairs of
Alovici.

A few months later, on 7 November 2006, a response was filed on your behalf to the petition by law
Freedom of information, in which you are asked to reveal the dates of your meetings with Alubiczi. As part of the response
You have signed a proper legal affidavit according to which there is a long-standing connection between you and Alubitzi,
Which has existed for two decades and that these companies "are maintained by periodic meetings
With the participation of the Prime Minister, Alouvici, the Women's Union and Aharassey. This statement was contradictory
To the representation you presented to the entire gurmis who dealt with the issue of your conflict of interests with al-Ubizi, and in general
And you too, because it did not include any disclosure about the intranet connection
Between you and your family and Alubitzi regarding the coverage on my website.

On June 14, 2016, based on the partial and misleading information that you provided in your responses to the parties
The official, was formulated by the Deputy Attorney General for the Military (Public - Administrative Law) arrangement
Your final business conflict as Minister of Communications.

Fraud and Breach of Trust - Summary

5

6

In doing so, you acted in a bias and placed yourself in a conflict of interests
Your public duties and your private affairs, you have acted in violation of the rules that apply to you as an employee
And committing acts of breach of trust that seriously harm the integrity of its actions
The director, the integrity of public employees, and the public's trust in public servants.

In addition, you have hidden from the competent authorities substantive information about the true nature of your relationship
Asul Alwabic, provided bread with partial information about these characteristics and even presented false representations
About your relationship with Alubici. In so doing, you have committed acts of fraud and breach of trust that cause substantial harm
The propriety of the director's actions, the public servants' stamina, and the public's trust in their employees
The public.

3 Summary

 

7. Because of the above-mentioned practices, I am considering bringing you to justice for taking bribes - an offense according to
Section 290 of the Penal Law; And for breach of trust, an offense under section 284 of the Penal Law.

Sincerely,

The Attorney General

564 We will detail the extent of benefits from Milchan during the relevant period

 

7 Eunuch] of Champagne. | Good Tide and Sofa Come on

*dwarf? | 760 15 207

At $ 1

1099 52 7 2012
-

[9% | 6 4000 | 3
7 4 [61833] 2014 |

58 53607 | 5

|

6 46 815 01 1, from
4-

Sihai 267294 199819 10 43
4 -------- - =

 

 

 

 

 

= For 2011, the amount specified in the table is for the months of October - December only.

Netafet B - Details of the extent of the benefit from the paco during the relevant period

 

* + C

"Seagriff |
4500 2 9

  
 

204%

Hnst

From

Seahik 17 7 2%
5 Ticom

 

7. Due to the above actions, I am considering bringing you to justice for taking bribes - an offense according to
Section 290 of the Penal Code; And in respect of fraud and breach of trust, an offense under section 284 of the Penal Law.

Sincerely,

2
Legal advisor to the government

6 Appendix A - Details of the good amount of hatred from Milczac during the relevant period

 

 

 

 

V Cigars. | Champagne Additional benefits Stop. ]
Six> 2: Yo - 3 Barks C 4 B>. 2-5
* 2011 72 15 207

1 - | --- 1--
1,009 2 7 202

And 0
2053 0+ 6 95,886

- 0 4
103,777 106 61833 8

0 - ₪ 1
8 1 1 7 | 5
56 8 100 | 221 46815 2016

----1
Welcome 19 6756 3 100
1 -. 0 4

 

 

+ For the year 2011, the table indicated in the table is for October-December only.

 

APPENDIX B - DETAILS OF GOOD QUALIFICATIONS PICKER IN THE RELEVANT PERIOD

 
   
  
    
    

40

    

2 205

   

5 26

   

Sahib 117 7